Don't stop the vision
19 days from graduation mccoy
We're fam
I love spending time with all of you
Jumping to insults
Logan
Whoa
Damnit guys
Saturday before Easter??
1st title
Winner
Guys I might actually win something
It's between me and nick now
Problem solved
Guys let's all root for cincy tonight
Thinking of me leads to good things
Yeah, don't value yourself off of her though, you're great man
Different days will be better and worse, just try to do things that make you happy and distract your mind, during the day at least 
It's the worst man, I'm sorry
Want to help in any way I can
I can somewhat relate to your state of mind right now and that song would help me out 
@Zach Spangler Listen to Alaska by Maggie rogers
Brian doesn't 
Is that where you're going?
It doesn't
Not yet
Nah 62-55 now
I will say that bucknell pick was dumb 
Chill 
Now only 7
They were down 16 
Logan I respect the Cincinnati final four pick
I don't think you can add one after the games have started :/
If you're in cincy at all this week Zach we can hang if you want 
Really just a stark reminder that people are inherently shitty at heart 
It's all so shitty
Really sorry Zach
Just rejoin hardwood poetry
Tournament challenge?
Don't forget rattlesnakes too
Steelers maybe though
Or else I would stay in cincy
Haha college bball is not a factor in this decision
Leaning Arizona for now
Arizona throws you in there right away
I think Pittsburgh is more classic and you have to prove yourself the first year before they make you an assistant to a professor 
This will be somewhat of a painful one considering they both offer something completely different
The only one left is Cincinnati 
Yeah it is
No I thought it would be dumb for me to try for osu but maybe I should have
She knows I'm leaving cincy 
No
Yeah fortunately for grad school that out of state cost goes out the window
Have you guys been to Pittsburgh? It's a cool city
I think right at it, like 7 spots
Tucson would be a vacation spot for you guys though
Pittsburgh top 40 and Arizona 45
Pittsburgh has a little more prestige though..
Pittsburgh is offering a little bit higher of a stipend
Tuition is covered for both
Where do I go
Yeah..no one knows why yet
I'll be in Europe most of May, and then will have to work all summer so it's not looking likely
Myrtle beach I can't commit yet
Whoa I'm still here
City , zip?
@poonslayer What's your address?
I'm most likely going out to Arizona in the fall, got accepted to their phd program. 
Ahh I'm coming next weekend to play
Decided to not be angry and go on the side of it all being for the best
I would rather be friends then not anything, considering this is someone I spent every day with for 5 years
I mean I already went through all of the shock and devastation of her hooking up so there's not much more that can really get me back to that place. I'm fine now, this is the new normal.
I'm doing better overall, it was rough last weekend
We made up, agreed to be friends
I'm down for flying or driving anywhere
Yeah I agree 
I would say not 100%
If you want to keep it healthy
Umm I wouldn't say that
Well..yeah, you got to confront her on that
Oh shit
She wants you to go I think
Women do that..
I think so
Since you won't go
She might be trying to make you jealous too
Yeah it's reasonable to say you don't want them in the same room, at the same time it doesn't change much because it's not like he can't come into her room..I don't know 
You're in a tough spot then
I know 500 is a lot but it might be worth it now
Obviously emphasize you trust her, but that he's the worst
Got to talk to her about that
I can try red boxing it and bring it up there
Can we do stuffed crust?
Sounds good to me
Yeah! when is later?
There is good food near me! It can be worth it to come get me!
Heeeey
I can venmo gas money? Sorry I hate being this guy 
Hey I'm available now..slight problem though, my bro is using the car I was going to use for the day
Haha alright Thursday then this is your city so you got the plans
Yeah let's hang tonight
So you can actually hang with me then?
Hey I'm definitely there for the soccer CLASSIC
What's everyone doing Thursday night?
That's what you said can't take it back now!
Logan still owes me a night out where he buys everything
Also, my jersey will not be on time, but I've been wanting to hang out I just figured everyone was busy
Hey I'm definitely there for the soccer CLASSIC
Hey as quick as you can when does everyone go back to school for spring semester?
Just about freeing up the time for it. 
Umm I definitely want to be
Hanging out by myself
I'm in Columbus 
I do
Sounds horrible man
Wow, so wrong
But to be honest I sort of am more ok with it now the more I think about it
Yeah, I thought he was good for Germany 
But I don't know, now this sort of cements we aren't going anywhere
Yeah I think it's fair to say he wasn't the right fit with American soccer culture 
You don't fire the coach you've had for 6 years in the middle of the hex
Those teams are just better
I mean I feel like those losses would happen anyway
Why would they fire him
Landon Donovan named as captain
So dumb 
What
Buuuut I might be able to come Friday night depending on what happens on Saturday for where I work, they might cancel, might not
I don't know what an inverted polynomial even is
I'm going to withhold most of my views/analysis, but to respond to your question nick his support is probably better summarized to being dependent on rural non college educated whites rather than among gender differences. Many women voted for him.
Everyone vote today?
I would say no if it was 48 in group stages, but just a little knockout round to start off would bode well for entertainment purposes, it starts off very tense, eases, and then gets tense again, who wouldn't love that?
It won't hurt, especially if you just select countries that can handle it
You don't need 100,000 plus seating
Boom
No they wouldn't
They have way less poverty
Japan, South Korea, China 
Argentina 
Canada, us, Mexico
Australia, New Zealand
All of Western Europe
I mean there are like 40 better options then those
Host it in developed countries and 48 teams is fine 
That's because they picked Brazil
Big deal
Yeah don't host them in South Africa, Brazil, and Qatar, good point
The olympics doesn't ever happen or anything
Oh my goodness because it's so hard to host 16 more teams
It's a good idea
Plus I love the intrigue of teams playing a one game elimination to get into the top 32
And it would provide a lot more than that
Upsets, underdogs, are important for tournaments
48 teams would make it better
African nations as well have more quality and need more teams represented
I mean look how stacked South America is, you think that those countries that don't get in aren't better then Honduras?
6-2 games are fun to watch too
If you're in the top 48 you're not Gibralter
I don't want to see the same teams play over and over throughout my whole life
It would be much more exciting if other nations were able to celebrate their country on that kind of stage
Several nations will NEVER have a chance to make it in the current format
People love the tournament more for the passion then the quality game to game
I don't understand how you can love march madness but then say this would dilute the tournament
The hex is not that special, 4 teams of the 6 get in 
I think they should do it
200 countries try to get in
What I though should*
But he doesn't have a cool head, and that's sort of what I should happen, but didn't expect with how the debate turned out
Yet he's trying to represent the people who all collectively pay the most into it
Well, the fact he has paid no income tax was a good point
My guess is she'll stay 3-5 points up in polls
When she*
But he barely touched it
Yeah, he could of went deeper went she brought up the Russia email hack, and talked about how she manipulated the primary
Other then, " I'm proud of this, I have these people who love me"
And he really didn't have any good response to it
The last hour she gave, calm, controlled responses and her criticisms of Donald were in no way unfair
But the rest he looked ridiculous, especially towards the end
Yeah it seemed she was doing poor when I turned it on 20 minutes in
What did you guys think
Shoot @Zach Spangler I didn't see that text until just now, I was at my MUN meeting and must of missed it. I've been really sick though, I can come to the rest of the games if you need someone for the rest 
He'll be back in the squad
#LD2018
Ahahahahahaha
Definitely interested just want to know the price
@Logan Patiño 
Hey Logan do you know anyone who does Model United Nations at osu?
We were up 16-12 in the 4th..
Oh well
Yeah it would of been nice to put ourselves on the map in football
But the fact we were in the game for so long makes me happy
That was a 4th quarter collapse if I've ever seen one
Hilarious
Honestly I didn't even know about that Hamilton score, but it's nice to hear the tide has turned in soccer dominance
But..in other news
Haha I read that earlier, our student gov last year were full of shady people
My Wednesday nights are pretty busy most of the time :/ sorry man would play if I could
I am absolutely awful at frisbee..when would it be?
He has to hear about something he did 20 years ago all the time
Poor harkes is just trying to get FC Cincy in the MLS
Went all in from one tweet 
Did not hold back
Ohhhhhhhhhhhh 😵
Yeah I agree sometimes he makes pretty bad judgements with certain players
That last catch was made by an HT guy
Honestly it was just a good play, it will be a blowout still
Hahaha
👀
Yep
Anyone willing to say mourinho has done a good job yet?
I don't even know if I would put bravo above him honestly
He makes some bad mistakes but he also puts in a lot of great performances
He's the best English goalie, I say still top 10 keepers in the world
If you want to bring in a better keeper fine, but benching him is uncalled for
It's not like he hurts the chemistry
He's better than caballero
Once he gets a handle on finishing he'll be one of the best midfielders
Sterling is so nice
He's world class
True, this game they've been playing a little dirty which has bothered me, and the way pep is treating hart
Mccoy are you still a united fan?
It's becoming harder and harder for me to support city
Yeah..something I can improve on
I'm surprised you wore it today though I thought you liked Tottenham
So worth the wait, right?
Decorate it*
You should tell him to decorate your t
Weird because UC's soccer team is always pretty sucky
Good luck mccoy!! Proud of you!
😂😅
I think we might get a win today
Someone's gotta be last place 
Sorry I'm late to this I was actually going to ask if we were doing it
nielskalican@gmail.com
Love you guys but that would be too much scrambling
Not enough time I blew it
I'm a failure
Go on without me
I overslept big time 😖😫😫😫
I'll be there at 8 if everyone else is down
If you guys do golf I could go around 8am, working osu fair at 12
Neighborhood soccer golf?
I don't know if I'll have a car to drive up but I should be in Columbus Saturday morning
Is there any way you can say I'll have 3-4 or 5-6 people with me or do you have to give an exact amount on a reservation?
Are they far from c-bus?
How early??
We all need to Pokemon battle
That's right
Got the starmie today 
I may be young but I got the desire
Hey I'm fighting to catch up!
They never have any gyms
I almost forgot there was a yellow team
😒
You guys are probably yellow
WHAT ARE YOU?
They need more than three teams
Valor
Are they going to release them?
Wow
Ohhhh 
I'm not spelling bee champ
How is it supposed to be spelled??
Guys I'm going to be 1st to catch muetwo
You have a car man drive down here!
I didn't see the comments before but they confirmed it was
It is fake..
I'm in cincy but I go back to c-bus to work the fair Monday and Tuesday
You guys have been out of the loop
Dee has
I bet there's a mue hanging around there
Find some good Pokemon in Toronto
I got excited..
Ah
What's that?
Is that a Charizard?
Jealous
Where are you
Every side of the stadium looks the same
Is it close to Lincoln
Still don't know where that's at
I'm next to the rpac
Which is where?
So where are you
Ok
Where are you
You said north
I just walked to the north!!
-__-
Where is that?
Where are you guys at
Everyone there?
Just crossed the scioto on King by foot
Alright sounds good 
@Nick Casto When do you guys want to go into the stadium?
Only a mile walk from where we'll park
Well my dad is already going so I figured it would be easier this way since he's heading up
Walking a long way
Up by grand view now
Yeah I've been in it
6:30*
Around 6 
Then what?
Where are you going first?
When are you guys coming to Columbus?
I won't be back until around 2 
@Logan Patiño 
To be the very best, like no ever was: 5
GOTTA CATCH EM ALL: 18
To find Pokemon: 7
Entertainment/fun:16
None: 1
Thanks!
She has to take an English so it's just intermediate comp and it's a paper that you have to pick a discourse community to write about, so she picked Pokemon go. 
Haha I'll let you know by the end of it, thanks!
Lexi is doing a paper on Pokemon go so if you guys could fill out this survey it would be much appreciated http://goo.gl/forms/TRq6APMBUhMVn8jy1
Awesome at least I get to hang with you guys there in a few days
Everyone is going to the Madrid game right??
Ah gotcha
Or driving 12 hours in a day?
Are you guys spending the night there?
I would love to, but I already don't make enough already with the job I have now, let alone not having one
But Toronto is awesome so hope you guys enjoy it
Note: you probably weren't counting me, but in case you were, I unfortunately cannot go
You guys are always better than me
I'm only 10
Wow
What level is everyone?
I liked their little motto best
Valor
So hard to catch for some reason too
So many zubats
Come play some soccer
Well, good thing cavs got it this year
What kind of monster does that
You can't be from Ohio and not root for Lebron
Haha I would probably do the same if that was me though honestly 
Just depends, feel the same here
I think that I can challenge you in sport knowledge
Haha yeah it's unfortunate
There's the answer to all of my absences
I'm 21 and have never owned a car
If GS get Durant then it's pretty much over for 3-5 years
Yeah LA has no idea what to do, no one wants to play for them
Conley highest paid player..I know he's  unique for his position but still..
Nba free agency is crazy too btw
But I've watched a lot of the euros/transfer market news
Yeah well when it comes to ownership stats and franchise info I'm pretty flat with knowledge
Anyway good convo
I feel like it was a 3-4 year slow constructed process but I can tell you have a genuine hate for me
Even Brian too even though he probably would rather do anything else
You guys should come down for another game
They got rid of their most marketable player too
Yeah that's a lot of money
Even when they were good last year they can never sell out stadiums
Yeah I don't know the crew are in a rut
Goodness
Lower parking prices
Make them cheaper
People
They just can't afford crew games
Poole in Columbus like soccer
Selling out stadiums gives you better concession sales
I mean they could try a few games out
Even Mexican
I mean they could have looked at European teams as a model
Because they feel like they have a great fan base 
Maybe the team would play better then
The crew could lower their ticket prices 10-15 bucks and more people would come
Like I said cincy made smart marketing decisions
I mean these decisions are mostly the fault of the club though
They could fix that if they wanted to
And inconvenience them, total agreement
Yeah, they make their fans pay a crap ton of money 
Also dumb
Dumb on their part
Yeah idk why the crew makes everything that expensive
How?
They have great fans because of the way they have marketed themselves and the coach they got, it doesn't take much to build a team up in this country 
Higher than Columbus attendance wise
Yeah pretty lame
Whoever the owner is
His/her
If his team is worse than some USL teams they shouldn't be in MLS
If they want their team to do well, get back to the MLS, they'll keep supporting
Ok but there never will be any of this until you start it up. The crew have their own tv audience and other MLS teams you just leak usl teams in too. If an MLS team gets relegated and loses their audience/fan base that's their supporters fault, they ultimately pay the price
Give me a break Finley had like 2 goals in that 4-0 game
If at all
The MLS teams are not that much more superior
Pretty sure Orlando did this year as well
Gosh I'm sorry that they lost an away game in their first year in existence as a soccer team playing in their first open cup they lost to a team they dominated possession in. The crew got knocked out last year to a team that wasn't in the MLS
Why not?
Ok so let teams like cincy try to top the table next year
That doesn't matter we don't all pay equally for Gerard and lampard to be in the league
I somehow think there is a loophole in that, why does LA and NYC get every player then and afford them? We don't equally all pay for everyone, some clubs in the league are richer than others
Got to think about the money and entertainment that comes in with promotion and relegation, how much excitement it generates/viewers 
I think we're beyond that point in this country where clubs are rich enough to get sponsors/players
Capitalism
They should of invested their money better then?
Good job you guys beat a team at home 4-0 and then lost to Chicago in the next round. Congratulations 👏👏👏👏
Some teams anyway
The lower leagues are pretty decent
Why not?
Goodness why is everyone bitter
12 game unbeaten streak tho!!
It's just fun to tick you guys off sometimes
I don't hate the crew
You guys would not beat us 5-0
How do you go from Mls final to almost worst team in the league?
Can we do promotion/relegation?
That's a good name 
But I don't know yet
Actually could go
I'll get back to you on that
I know the feeling
Mesut..
Goalkeeping Craig too
Playing styles
Haha sometimes but the resemblance is eery
I have 3 guys on my indoor team that play exactly like Brian nick and Craig
Guys like me again
Shots fired already
Woah 
A bunch of Cinderella teams
The Euros have been good though
 Thanks Logan
Shhhh there's still time for comebacks
Where are you watching the game
Kanye though I would pay 50-100
This is a good performance 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Zypyi3Dss9s
He's a hit or miss I feel like
The atmosphere would be great though
Those would be really fun
Woah why not?
Happy birthday Logan!!!!
Come see me too guys 
Ohhhhh balls to the face!
Improbable
Yeah no one even said anything about yesterday's improbably win
It's only the 15th
They're down 1-0 😥
#traitor
You'll know about them when they beat the crew real soon 
I mean I'm sorry I root for the team that's literally a 5 minute walk from where I live, didn't know that classified as one of my things "to be different"
US Open Cup 2016 we're taking
Jimenez 😳
Mls
I'll root for the crew in mod
No doubt I am
Cincy*
Just cut inside and shot
Didn't take much
Awesome
Do you need a YouTube account for that?
Well it's at 7:30 but thanks for telling me that
They're in Tampa
Can't stream it
That was so nice
Oh my
Oh man that's a must see
There you go it looks beautiful! Happy birthday!!
That's what I'm saying 
Cheaper tickets
Yeah instead of 5 it's 25 now
If they beat Tampa bay I'm going to Columbus
The crew will attract people
That was a game in the middle of the week 3 days after they broke the attendance record
We would bring more fans
Even the usl knows the open cup is a crap competition 
But at least both of those teams don't throw beer cans at opposing players!! 👏
Your pride team probably didn't have 8,000 more than the crew in attendance though 🙊
5-2-2 > 2-4-4
We have better possession and a better forward!
You guys will be severely outplayed
Be afraid guys
We're coming for the crew!
2-1 win tonight for the us open cup
No, I have work
Every week a couple times, why?
Yessssss
I hate you for avoiding me 
Yep I have like 3 different pairs
Yeah you could
Hilly and muddy as heck
It's cross country x 1000
1 hour 23 minutes, but times don't really matter in these kinds of races.
10.6 miles
I was second for a while got passed at 4 miles
Yeah we both go at our own pace
It's super long and muddy 
She never hated you
She's running still
Just got third place 
No problem nick thanks everyone for coming down!
And they took Cedrick off
Kevin Doyle
Nooo
Logan you alright?
Haha no I didn't know I was coming so I didn't bring them to Columbus but you'll get them tomorrow!
2145 Brett ct
Sounds good, I'm at Lexi's so get off on the alum creek exit and turn right, then left at the Sunoco in that neighborhood. It's in Brett Ct so you can gps it, I'll give you the full address in a second 
If that's alright with you
Yeah!
You guys back from the gym?
Alright let me know
Any time you can get me
Then we can hang out tonight and tomorrow since I haven't seen you guys in like over a year
Obetz
Can I pay a 5 for someone to get me from obeys?
Can I come?
I hate LA
He's not accomplishing anything by going to the club that already wins the cup every other year
What if the crew got him
They get every player
I hate LA
I just looked 
Wear drogba, their gear in the uc store isn't great
Tomorrow is an orange out guys!
So stupid
Why didn't higuain just let him take the penalty
This team is going to suck
We already struggled scoring until last game
We lost all of our goals
Gregg's has to come up with a whole new system 
And produces in flashes, not consistent 
The guy doesn't run
Honestly would of been happier trading higuain if I had to choose
We put him in every ad campaign around the city, this team is supposed to be the best in the league
To get who? Nobody good overseas wants to come to Columbus
He just signed a new contract
I'm a little outraged by it
They could have recovered, and you can't take away Montreal 
Well especially not now
He was our best player
How come they couldn't wait a little longer?
I mean ibra can have a bad attitude but you don't give a talent like that away in just one week
We just lost 20+ goals with no one to replace him 
Sounds good 
Ok I have 4 now for me, Nick, Logan, and mccoy
I didn't know mccoy was coming I'll get one more
As early as you want
When are you guys going to get here
I bought 3 tickets for 20 bucks in the Bailey
We can get dinner
The game is at 4
Woah you can leave a couple hours after
Btw no one ever responded what's your guys' plan?
I also forgot to mention I have a race Sunday morning at 9 for you guys coming down Saturday
My place is a little cramped but if you need to crash somewhere we have a blow up bed we can put in our kitchen as long as your cool with dogs possibly jumping on you in the morning, it's up to you. If Zach is here you probably would prefer his place. I have to work Tuesday though at 2. That's why I'm saying that if you want to come early Saturday we can have the whole day to hang if you would rather not have an uncomfortable bed, it's not a really far drive. 
Is Zach going to be here? Are you guys leaving that night?
Yeah I'll get on that tomorrow, we should be able to, you also can get some online im pretty sure 
Crew game at Toronto right?
Hey I would be if it was just a day thing
Switches
We all should get a sterling jersey each time he switched teams
From Liverpool..
Brian can get his sterling too!
You looked good when I saw you
Never listened to a word she said
And the professor was horribly boring
Development of political thought, which I know sounds like a joke, but I hate philosophy so much 
I had one today that didn't go well at all though
Such a relief
Just finished today
Is everyone done with school?
Yeah that's a good place to go to research that
Wow, that's really cool
Why are you going there?
China?
But I hope they would come down earlier than that if you want hang with us
At
It's a Nippert on the 14th
Zach you'll be in town right?
They play at 4 against Pittsburgh that day
Oh yeah we can watch the FC cincinnati game too
Woo hooo
😑 just say the 14 th is a priority 
We can just hang out, catch up, I'll show you around and what not
Yeah I set the date out like a month ago for you guys
Me too
Are you guys still coming down the 14th?
That was a good tournament
I'm so happy you remember
Hahaha
Noooo
Me and Logan used to get hyped to their songs
They have a few classics
Boyz
I would have voted new boys
Ah I was just wondering, but ok guys deans list we're all in
Come on we all have it in us
Also has anyone here been to Williamsburg, Virginia?
Can we all make a pact that we're going to get 4.0s this semester?
You do multiple complicated science wise things that I won't be able to understand 
Which I can't do
Yeah, but it's either this major or I do math
Only 1 final
I have almost all 10 to 15 page papers, all due tomorrow
I did a paper from 11:30 to 7 in the morning: fun fact
Is anyone else extremely stressed from finals??
You bring out the best in me BRIAN 
GO CITY
Well they shouldn't be anymore
And atleti just beat them
Most people would pick Barca over city though
How do they not have good talent
Atletico made the final 2 years ago
No
They're just scrappy big guys with a quality striker
Their style is a way you would hate to play
Why
Talking about UCL
Then
So who do you root for the 
All the other teams have
They have never made the semis
They're the underdogs!
I hope Man City wins it
Helps out my public speaking skills
It's grown on me
By the way I got elected vice-president
I have a MUN conference
No I'm going to be in Williamsburg, Virginia 
That's impressive
Yeah I saw that
No I didn't see how many I was working and it was cold and rainy but they won
Exactly
I would absolutely suck at golfing but I've always wanted to try
I think all of us are capable 
Losers
I am
Are you doing it Craig?
Are you ready to run the Columbus marathon in October
Why are you making that face
Haha don't worry you did a good job already
I'll start up this weekend
Oh I definitely am
First season was great
Because I got 20 minutes into the first episode and I wasn't liking what was happening
Really?
Haven't seen second season though
Already do
I'm in but are you possibly ok with me not giving you the money until you come here may 14th?
Need 2 now
There it goes
This is more painful to watch than our World Cup Belgium game
Our U23s are dreadful
He was a yard on
He got robbed 
Horrible call
Noooooo
Logan and mccoy are you rooting for Colombia?
Pulisic did really well for being 17
Bacca just had the nicest turn and finish
Alright just trying to make sure you're not feeling screwed
If not that's ok I just don't have the money at the present moment is the thing
If I can pay you back some time in the future will you cover me until then?
Want to be there so bad
It pains me to read this conversation ^
We're not going to qualify!!
Wtf
You know that if we tie or lose our next game we prob won't be in the World Cup
Guys
Oh I can mccoy 
Guaranteeing another win this week!
If Indiana lose im Kansas' number one fan
It's about stopping you from winning
Then Logan wins
Unless Kansas wins it all
If unc wins he wins out group pretty much
That's my only chance of beating nick in the bracket challenge
Everyone root for Indiana tonight
That's a good looking man
So there's a chance
Wait I have Oklahoma winning
Me
I'm glad someone does
Forgot about mila
So back off
I appreciated her in elf
She always has
1. Zoey deschanel
2. Reese Witherspoon 
3. Emma Stone
4. Emma Watson
5. Rihanna
What are yours?
Yeah or else it would be top 1 for me 
Reason for asking is I don't really count models as celebrities
Celebrity?
Hey what the heck I earned that 8th spot!
Pretty much never for me 
Also, he is a usa player!!
Sucks
Heard about the game
Sorry I've been out in no service land
Oh gosh..
You're going to lose the next game probably, needed overtime to beat a Mac team
"The silencer"
Really? Because Ohio state lost to Connecticut by 20+ points and we beat them twice this year
Unlike some other schools
Michigan at least made the tournament..
Me too Zach!!
We're going to be tied for 1st place tonight 
Logan you didn't pick gonzaga
😂
Mccoy BRIAN Craig you guys too if you want
Free it up!!
Nooooo
Logan free up the 14th!
May 14th?
That's what I meant
You got to go to every game?
But other than that 
I have MUN 13-17 of April so that weekend can't work unfortunately 
I know we need to though
When are you going to come down? Oh wait..
You're the crew sc
Sorry
I know
Only last year counts
Just one
😄
That buffalo was is you though
I haven't seen that yet
Have you seen the 30 for 30 four falls of buffalo?
Shut up nick
And little rock, what the heck
But still that's a good call with the yale pick
I picked Wichita so that will get me 10 back
Logan you have every pick right
Thanks, I'm in
What's your bracket group?
Nick!
2-0 Juventus by the way
Sorry man
Just got word that they have already have their whole schedule booked for the spring nick
Joachim Lowe should go to Arsenal after the Euros
What about simeone?
Do you want him out?
Is Wenger gone if they get knocked out?
Pks
Win in pjs
Arsenal is going to pull it off
Who else is thinking that Arsenal are advancing the CL quarters?
Just two players left, and so do I
You're my next victim
Be scared nick
On the bright side..
But we suck
The new kits are awesome
Someone please tell me why we just lost at home to Philadelphia
I don't either I always thought you were the one destined for beard greatness. I'm definitely letting it go for the rest of the semester.
My style is turning more hippy by the day and this beard just adds to it the more I let it go 
Beard update for everyone
That sucks..
Haha gotcha, are you free to come with Logan anytime soon?
I don't know if you would want to play us, we beat Ohio state twice in the fall
Is your club team good?
Haha well alright
For the president's number 
No not for the spring, I can get you contact info though if you need it
A Barkley Suns one would be cool too
Is he a thunder fan now?
I had an AI one back in the day
A ray Allen supersonics one would be cool
Yes I want the tmac one!
I've been wanting that for so long
Which one is better for you
Oh shoot, well can you come down on a weekend day still?
Not holding back
Also, BRIAN, you'll be facing the maximum amount of my fantasy skills on full display this week
For any of you coming to cincinnati during spring break he has a concert the 25th which is why I was asking, not a fan but my brother wants to go. 
Haha no but I need to know if you guys like him!
I don't know what that means
Also, does anyone here like Fetty Wap?
What the heck
Yeah, 5 years ago..
Throwback
I guarantee victory over BRIAN HOFFMAN this week!
Guess what
Ok guys!
Wondolowski and feilhaber for example
I don't pick players I don't like either, even if they're good
Can you afford all of those guys?
Almost no one is an obvious point getter in MLS, I try to have a balanced squad
When week after week they always suck
Like not picking Newcastle players, for example..
I just need to switch some ingredients to the formula
Precise and careful consideration
I pick off of my soccer knowledge expertise of course
I can easily turn it around?
It's just the 1st game right?
I am just so bad
That's the contribution I give
If they need a pick me up win, and they see that they're playing me, they start feeling good about their week
Everyone will be starving to play me each week..
Why do I suck so much
Yep
I agree
Yeah he's not a CAM, he's definitely a holding one
Instead of a Bradley though I would like a modric type of player or busquets
Really im just more sad that no other player can do as good of a job
 I wouldn't put anyone in his spot, I'm not saying he shouldn't be the focal point of our team
Why Nick?
Agreed Logan
Trapp has no moves
Maybe a little less dynamic actually
Wil Trapp has potential to be a Michael Bradley
I wouldn't of cared if he went to MLS five years later
Like he had potential to be a starter at Everton his whole career in defensive mid good 
Well I wouldn't go that far, he's a good defensive mid
Messi is playing in it
Wish we could go to a copa America game
Zardes plays like crap for the national team lately too
Full season at Sunderland..1 goal
Always will love Dempsey though
Their 2014 World Cup performances really killed things for me
I used to love Bradley and altidore
Toronto is a team I want to root for but that I can't 
DC, New England and red bulls are weak
First of all the eastern conference should not be hard for us to win
League definitely
LA does it 
Our weakest player is park hurst probably
Yeah not satisfied with playoffs now, not with the team we have, it's actually very solid
We pretty much kept everyone, we have a good group of young and old, honestly, if we don't win supporter's shield, this season is a disappointment
You know how angry that makes me
We lost the MLS cup at our stadium
We should be ticked
I partially think we could win like 4 or 5-0
2-1 Columbus
That's right
I'm in
Our league
For MLS
What's the code?
Thank goodness city scored
Go Tottenham!!
 😂😂😂
There were sections of the team that didn't like any other
They were somewhat dysfunctional
That's the type of player us soccer looks for
It reminded me of joe back in our pride days
http://www.theawayendfooty.com/the-home-front/2016/3/1/skill-is-decision-making-not-scissors
This has been a lifelong struggle for all of us I feel like with other teammates
Who is that
I'm winning MLS fantasy this year
I'm excited though!
I'm 85% sure you won't get shot
Just pick a day or two, we can play soccer and hang out and Zach may be around too
I'm not doing anything spring break
That would be perfect man
Yeeeeep
I want you guys to come down
Nope
I think it's the longest ever actually
Too long
Better than FIFA?
How come you guys never played that game with me
Why are you ignoring me
F you guys
Nobody explained what it is!!
What is rocket league
New England Revolution: Nick
I don't think any team has ever won CL back to back
Zlatan is having a better season than Suarez
PSG actually has a real shot I think
But like I said, they're at home..they should have more possession
They were at home..Suarez hit the post
They were doomed with that draw
I mean you couldn't of expected them to win
nielskalican@gmail
Not thankful for that
You guys also exposed me to the human centipede  for some reason
Haha I don't know why we always watched that so much 
Professor
Masters in public policy and then finding a job associated with that, poly sci professor also
Anymore
No I'm not going that route anymor
School is so long
F guys I just want to graduate 
Trump would be a great president
No
Never even heard of that club in my life
Let's just all retire to Fiji one day
At the beginning I was saying this is atrocious and then a couple minutes in I love it
And has a great soccer team 
It revolves around a college that profits off of semi-pro athletes that don't get paid 
Columbus is plateaus and no water
I don't want all 4 seasons
I'm going there in May
California has mountains and a beach
Not true
And I'm not a fan of West Virginia
Yeah that's a long drive
I hate the unpredictable weather
I want to live somewhere where there are mountains and it's warm
Vacations are not enough
There are better places than Columbus
There are so many beautiful places I want to go and live
Why do you never want to leave Columbus?
I'm for sure moving out west when I graduate
When?
Wait, what?
I'll be living in cincinnati still
Welcome to the club
Happy birthday nick!!
Thanks guys!! I'm glad I have everyone's approval I thought the blue socks were risky
So much speed
Those are tomorrow 
Well none of the games today were great match ups 
Manchester United are so bad
Grows back so quick
It's a lot
So much beard
But also he got rid of him at Barcelona..so there might be some animosity
Yeah I mean if pep feels like he can motivate him 
Go
But I'll be sad too see them both to
Zabaleta is old too
He has too much of an ego now for a coach like him
I mean it probably would of happened either way with or without pep
I can't explain that
Yeah..
That's assuming kei stays on the same level
They should win most of their games
Yeah I feel the chemistry is all there, everyone fits the system, it's all in place, those other teams are still trying to get a feel for one another
If everyone stays they should win supporters shield
No I didn't, I never was super impressed by him
We would of been in the champions league
Can't believe we lost the cup
Yeah that's probably true
I don't think they will
We're too proud of not being like Europe
Well nevermind on that
Oh, yeah that's lame
What?
Would you favor it in baseball?
Are you opposed to promotion/relegation?
Which is better?
Wait we have 3 of them?
Haha I don't even know any of the team's besides the cosmos and our team
Haha yeah man that would be awesome I'll free up that weekend!
And if that's the case then you definitely can
Might actually have a spare bedroom because we're close to moving into a house 
I'll ask lex if she minds
Who's Maggie?
Come to both!
The basic comment comes after the Real Madrid one
You want us to look like Real Madrid
Aka basic beeps
We are trail blazers for a new uniform trend!
And exactly! It's super unique!
I knew what it was but I don't look at it enough to see how it's emulated on a jersey
No you're ruining the flag part!
That's a color on the flag though 
The top being primarily blue would of been cool
This is freaking cool
You want a boring generic type 
You guys are lame I love it
That's pretty awesome!
Oh I see
You mean the stripes?
Where is the flag?
It's cold there
How does that connect with Columbus?
Maybe that was a goal to make our brand more unique
So props to them
I don't think anyone else has similar uniforms anywhere though
I like the shorts
Like they're about to all play a game on the beach
Looks like a Caribbean kit
Yeah most likely you don't even get sick from it
But everyone probably already knew that
It just damages newborn babies
Rarely requires hospital visit if you get it
To alleviate our worries even if there was an outbreak here we shouldn't necessarily be worried about our own health
At least cincinnati is farthest from Cleveland in Ohio
That means it will be all over right?
You
To all of ou
I have always said to come down 
WHAT?!
I'm just saying that it seems to be a lot harder to get Logan to commit if I don't nudge him around a little
Nick you're already coming
Nippert
They're at nippers
Home games start in April
The Logan Patino?
Wait Logan you would actually come see me?? 
You guys should all come down though for semi-pro games
There is no safe place around campus honestly
Yeah I have a lot of animals
Hey what's wrong with having 2 dogs
Me and Zach live in safer areas of off campus by the way
Goodness it's so bad here 
Bernie literally hasn't changed his position on anything besides gun control
Woman
And yes it was written by a women
She just goes with the flow, that's not a leader
Her foreign policy decisions have also been questionable though. She voted for the Iraq war, and saw how it destabilized the area, and then supported that we get rid of gaddafi in Libya, and now that's arguably ISIS' strongest controlled area in some parts of the country
I was inspired by an article I read about republicans tainting Hilary's name and progressives should be ashamed by falling into the trap they laid pretty much. What made me mad was that progressives don't dislike Hillary for reasons republicans do other than that she lies so often. It's because she is a sell out just like the rest of the Republican Party.
Thank you McCoy
Someone had already called the cops
But he robbed a place right before ours
He didn't try to rob our place, he just looked confused
When we called 911 the cops were already on their way
I just uncovered that right after I started telling you guys..
He thought our apartment was Chris' 
Aggravated robbery 
And someone named Chris got arrested for the same charge last night
When he left
He was knocking on our window asking for Chris 
This is him
I just found out something
Guys 
Police came and arrested him
It was a 6'3 black guy who was wacked out, and I had to talk him to leaving the apartment, he eventually did and then I closed and locked it real quick and he started knocking on the windows
Forgot to lock door
Guys somebody walked into me and Lexi's apartment last night while we were sleeping
That happened to my dog Murphy back in the day, it was more of in the span of a month though, and he was much younger, it's horrible luck 
That's horrible, he was a great dog, cant believe it happened that quickly like that
I'm really sorry about that guys
Oh no
It would be more like a 1.21
Nick I couldn't get a 3.21 in pharmacy 
Cvs is way overpriced
Physicist MIT money
You do once you make MIT money
I want to be college debt free
Be one
Be a surgeon
You guys save lives
Just saves a lot of money and helps in the long run for better jobs, computer science I would guess a masters isn't as vital just because it's probably a hard program to get through in a bachelor's anyway
Not as awesome as MIT
Doing the 4+1 program
I'm getting my masters in one less year
Thought he was so much better
Sissoko has let me down big time this season
Newcastle suck
What do I do..
I'm a mess
I want to write political campus articles for our newspaper but I don't want to be a journalist
Not MUN
I want to be president of the political science student association
I wouldn't mind except for the fact that none of it is real
I can't change the conferences and the structure of it
How can you be president of something you don't like
They want me to be president next year
I've been the treasurer all year
MUN= model United Nations 
I tried to be, I'm not
Guys I'm not an MUN guy
If it makes you feel better I subbed out martial for giroud today
Honestly though Tottenham look like the best team in the league
Man city and Leicester play Saturday
Arsenal 4th in the table now
I mean it was a tough angle, he made something out of nothing 
Got injured in capital one cup
He's out for the season 
First touch was insane
I wouldn't call his first one a sitter
Watford is my dad's favorite team: fun fact
Is he the greatest of all time?
What team are you going to ally with while he's there mccoy?
Messi' game heavily relies on his quickness and speed, once he loses that even more than he has, it will fall dramatically, which will happen pretty soon. Successful old PL players are have a way more significant physical presence
Have fun with that
This means it's more likely mourinho is going to go to United, McCoy
Yeah but if he doesn't have the same success it will be annoying to hear people say he's not as good as people think. He's not at the same level he was at a few years ago 
We're going to get Messi
Pep to City!!
I'm watching greys anatomy
No they're side by side pretty sure
Everything is just a little too random
But Zardes isn't a striker to me
Zardes and Altidore partnership is a nice idea
Apparently everyone thinks jones is still good
Kinda random
Interesting lineup
Twitter
Finlay is starting
Newcastle's going to get Doumbia
Those examples he has not proven he can be yet
His passing and composure have been too questionable as a def mid, gist of what I'm saying
So that's the most important thing
He's never going to be a player that goes around anyone or play with flair
He's a solid player don't get me wrong but he hasn't cleaned up his decision making 
Trapp is shaky passing out of the back 
I think tchani has good size and when he's in good form is a great center mid
I don't really see will as the next big thing, I don't get a sense that he's that talented 
He has the most potential I think
They should start tchani
You think they'll all play?
Happy birthday mccoy!!! You're 18 man so weird
Alright well that will be good though I was wondering when that would start up
You know when their season starts?
John Harkes
The coach of the team is a former USMNT captain
Yeah we can do that though
The only time you want to come down and see me is to take advantage of my UC perks, haha
What do you mean?
Our last World Cup team was much better than the team now, all of our elite players were almost all in their 30s, and now they're two years older, the whole team has crashed because of it
Yeah at this point we don't play better than an average European country
I mean his impact on the youth system really won't surface until another 4 years
Yeah but no one is going to be elite level by 2018
We're not even going to make it out of the group in Russia
I don't know I always was confused about that, our youth really are just so disappointing
Oh nevermind forgot about him put him in there to replace Yedlin and Zardes
Kind of think we shouldn't call up Altidore anymore 
We're going to struggle to qualify 
Pretty weak
Bradley, Cameron, Howard, Brooks, Yedlin or Zardes
He dipped in form badly, ac Milan didn't even want him anymore
Weird
Our best national team players are on defense 
Hopefully replaces terry
Yeah how do you get so much worse at 23-24?
I mean there are a lot of good places to do hiking that are not a far drive, we never have really done that before thought it could be fun, it's cheap also
I think a hiking/camping trip sounds fun
Is anyone open to anywhere else besides Myrtle beach?
That obviously not happening
Yeah I thought we would get falcao
Connor Casey on the Crew
She says thank you
Yeah they are
Named that crab Liam 
Two dogs, 4 birds, 4 crabs
Two trophies for MLS Cup and Open Cup
Crab tank that Lexi made me for our 4 crabs
There you go b.o.b.
Do the Wisconsin one
When is it?
Promoting myself to the tourney this year
I got relegated from my first round loss last year from it
I have been competitive in things other than fantasy
Thank you Logan, I think everyone here has been hoping for a resurrection of me being competitive again
You're only as good as your current segment
New year new Niel!
Lounging in a Starbucks right now got to pull myself together
All of this reminiscing about Julie and Logan is going to make me cry that I haven't seen you guys in so long
Classic Logan 
Told her you liked her then ignored her the next day 
Sounds just like him
The part that cracked me up the most was the the first encounters with Logan giving a blank stare with no reaction
F kolin
I thought that was you
Yeah made you sound like a real jerk
Still are, just a loyal one
Smooth 
Nice touch on asking her in spanish
Your whole story is out there
My morning read
Wait, who's Maggie?
That Liverpool game was crazy
I'll get back to you on that later today Logan
Too bad it wasn't in Cincinnati
What made you choose that place? Did you apply to a bunch of places?
Congrats man! You living out there by yourself?
Where at?
Woah, I think I was in California when he did, I didn't have service most of the time
What are you talking about?
No one tells me anything
Where are you going?
Why can't he?
I have him
Doubt it happens 
That would be kind of cool to get him though
Have we lost anyone in our starting 11?
Jmac isn't great though
Interesting, good location though
Well off of campus you know what I mean
Where at on campus?
No he's not anymore
Also sweet
I have never seen a Russian league jersey being worn by anyone
Haha you like Doumbia?
Geez that's a creative one too
That's a good one
What did everyone else get
Yeah that is amazing 
I'll buy you lunch
Their
If anybody wants to make a Cincy road trip everyone can get there jerseys I never have a car 😢
Haha hopefully he doesn't leave again
The emblem looks stitched so I believe you! Oh my goodness and you got a long sleeve I freaking love you
Thank you!!
Oh god 😍
I almost got you tim ream Fulham but too pricey 
What address do you want me to mail it to?
This is nick's
Can I know what jersey I got?
The only thing I can do is take a megabus back to Columbus but someone would have to pick me up
I'm already in Cincinnati 
I've been wanting to see you guys but I have no way to get up there anymore
Mailing them out to you guys tomorrow
What are the distances for each?
Yeah let's do it
Oh shoot I didn't see you put that
When is the triathlon nick?
Guys don't worry your jerseys will get to you!! I'll see you all very soon!
Guys I cannot make it today, just got back from California today and all of my family is here I didn't know we were doing it the 1st, early congrats to the winner hope everyone has fun 
Be back in the group message after my vaca. This has been such an awesome trip, congrats mccoy on your title, be ready to lose in the FIFA tournament everyone
What are you doing the 2-3?
Well even if everyone can't make it im hanging out with whoever is here on those days
Do it Christmas Eve because I can't even make it home until late tomorrow, will everyone be home the 1-3? We should do FIFA and gift exchange on one of those days
^^^^
No preference
What did you get in that?
I want to see that at MIT next year!
I can't but it's more fair if I miss one then you having to miss two
Agree ^^
I mean are they going to want you in there if you've been puking all morning and have constant diarrhea?
They can't fire you for one day 
Call in sick?
I can't do the night on the 23rd I got to leave in the early morning the next day so if you guys were planning to do FIFA at night I can just do the classic
That should work if it's like a 9-3 time frame
There you go Craig
I don't know
From what we were talking about yesterday, this is actually not bad from Donovan
I don't know I just tweet at them every once in a while when I see them up and they put it on the show some of the time
They should just hire me right?
Guys I've made another annual appearance
Awesome, so proud of you man
What is your major going to be?
Oh gosh that's insane, I'm sure you will prosper there though McCoy
Why? Too much pressure on the students?
Oh my goodness don't forget about me when you're a famous scientist/whatever profession you're choosing to be 
Are you going??
Congrats!!
Holy crap McCoy!!!!
That day would work a lot better for me
What about 22nd?
That's how you do it, my friends
I mean it is what it is I don't have a problem with taking the best talent of players who American citizens, I mean I would like to see everyone be homegrown but we're not the only country who does that kind of thing either
Completely agree
Whether or not they're true it's still not right
If she cares about the national team success, she wouldn't make those statements because she has to know they're going to get headlines and bring more negative attention to the team
Yeah I mean I think it's inappropriate that if you're technically still in the national team system to make those comments
Also she has a giant ego
And she's complaining about jermaine jones
Sydney leroux is Canadian
Why is she using her day of remembrance to bring down the USMNT?
Pretty ignorant 
Not happy about it
Irresponsible 
Slackers
I don't think you've lost them Logan, if Julie started pulling that and you shared it with us I would have your back just the same as I would for any one of you.
Nothing she is nick's girlfriend and I trust his judgment. I have no doubt that she is great, but it seems that she's using the dynamics of their relationship to push Nick around and belittle his feelings, while being selfish and putting hers in front of his, and I will take issue to that, because Nick is a great guy and my guess is he has been extremely selfless and she is taking advantage of that. You don't get to do that to my friends.
It really makes me upset hearing the whole situation and how much she has kept you out of the loop. From what I have caught every time you try to be strong and call her out on her wrongdoings, she takes the conversation to conflicts she's having with distance and tries to talk about those problems, without addressing the obvious fact that what she is doing is wrong. When she does that you need to remember that it doesn't make it ok for her to be screwing around behind your back, and she's only complaining about distance to avoid/pretend like she's not doing anything wrong. Nick you're a smart guy, do not play dumb, do not fall prey to that crap, your feelings need to be respected and if she does not respect them then you should know what you need to do.
Nick that's pretty naive just because they're only working out together doesn't mean that something can't happen because of that. Do you seriously think that guy gives an f about you and Baylee's relationship? That he doesn't have his own agenda to get back with her? Because I don't even know him but I can guarantee that he does. He's a college student hanging with his ex. Your girlfriend may have good intentions, but he does not, and if you give him this kind of opportunity to see her every day week to week he's going to start taking more chances you need to draw a line and not be comfortable with it, that's just my take. But you know more than me so whatever you decide I support you.
Working out together seems too much of an physical, somewhat can be intimate thing for me to be comfortable with, they don't need to work out together. The whole thing is bs nick, if I were you I would be pretty mad.
It's an awesome environment here I love it
I just got pushed for clapping when nugent missed the field goal
Go steelers!
Took like a week
I got mine a few days ago
I actually like Facebook again
Logan and McCoy if you guys want to treat yourselves these are on a huge sale
how long will you be in town?
Haha I'm here for all of you guys, I'm really sorry nick being in your position is super difficult
Should not be ok*
Nick you said earlier that you she told you she still loves him, clearly she is not completely over him, so in my mind I think your choice is pretty clear. It's good to have trust in her and everything, but the only person you have the right to not being ok, and should be ok with her hanging out with, is her ex. You do not want to play this game man, unless there is a huge turnaround and she apologizes and stops hanging out with him, and clearly she is not going to do that. As a friend, I strongly recommend you break up, I know it hurts, but you'll be better off in the long run.
I don't like that she's hanging out with him, she shouldn't be doing that and going out to eat with her ex, that is never a good thing. She knew about the distance when she got into the relationship, and she shouldn't be the one contemplating breaking up with you, it should be you strongly considering breaking up with her, she is the one who messed up, don't let her toy with you man, if she is not serious about turning it around then end it now 
Well that's pretty messed up man, I'm sorry that she did that to you there are no excuses especially since they broke up a while ago. If she's saying things like she still loves him I would not want to continue on with the relationship
I'm really sorry nick, how long ago did they break up? Did you know about him before you guys started going out?
I'm fully aware that I am a huge underdog going into the game with Logan
Haha I actually used to but we have the table blocking it a lot of the time and my dogs are pretty good defenders and will do anything they can to keep me from scoring
Not enough
When I got this he had just signed a contract extension
Sorry sterling moved
The one I got this year is sexier 
There's
Theirs yours BRIAN
I have the jersey
Is he leaving?
1. Yes
2. Sometimes send a quick text, mostly to change songs.
3. I do get worried, but I'm probably just naive about my driving abilities that make me comfortable enough to multi-task
@Logan Patiño 
Yeah I am off until the 11th so ill have time
New Year's Day
So even that won't work
5:55am flight
However, unless we can make exceptions about the soccer classic being a day early this year, (which I know we probably can't, tradition is important) I will not be able to make that since I'm leaving Christmas Eve morning. 
I'm telling you that's not going to happen and I'm coming to visit at least for two days
Haha I'll be able to hang out a couple days leading up to Christmas
This week is my last week
LA lakers? 00-02? Bulls 91-93 96-98
La Galaxy dynasty 
Seahawks 14-15
We got to keep everyone, then we could win it
Goodness nick, you can't hang out at all that week?
Until next semester
As in ill be done then
I'm done with work here probably until the 17th
I'm going to San Francisco 25-1
I say the week leading up to Christmas
Yeah when are we all getting together?
It was at the beginning of it
On the bright side I saw you guys on tv twice
I think tchani has gotten so much better though, 
Yeah he was too much of a non factor, it was not clicking up front
And that was atrocious by our fans, I love Columbus but the trashiness part of the city couldn't of showed more
They outplayed us I think, not enough hunger when we got the ball in the final third, just a bunch of crossing with hope that it would end up in the right spot
Yeah at the same time they should of had a penalty for handball and they smacked the post 3 times
So how is everyone doing?
That national anthem though
That's like as much as a Ticke
Like being there live to witness another team celebrating on our home field hoisting the MLS cup trophy
I'm just saying won't it be horrible?
Guys what if we lose?
Yeah pretty horrible news
Questionable for tomorro
Kei Kamara injured in training today
Didn't Brooke score on you when I was a senior?
ME
But who's going to take home the FIFA and soccer classic trophies..
Woah Logan you get 15 seconds of top of the table and you think you're Donald trump 
3rd person, really Craig?
Probably not
Sorry guys probably im tied down for money at the moment I really wish I could though
Haha yeah just the smart thing to do, I'm confident we'll win though
A little risky because if we lose it's associated with a bad memory
When I go there that's what they sell the normal ones for
35 is my guess
Yeah I have the sterling one right here
For those of you hoping you didn't get me as the guy giving you their jersey I ordered mine yesterday
It sounds like it but it's not like it because we talk about nothing that I really care much for
You have to make speeches about dumb topics in front of people you don't really like or know and it's not fun at all
I do not recommend it, sucks so much
Have any of you ever taken a speech class?
Hopefully they can keep the same team for next year
They should of put a goal away
They are either on it or they're not
This team is so confusing to me
Not sure if I'm happy about the sub, inexperienced player
Findlay tried to snake and failed miserably
I don't see us completely collapsing this half
Our team is really good
That control volleyed shot from Kamara was so nice
One more half and we're moving on!
Well Findlay blew it
1-0 crew
I'm reading actually there only chance is an Alabama loss to Florida in SEC title game
And if Alabama loses then they're definitely in
I guess North Carolina can make a case but osu will probably beat them out if they beat Clemson
If one of those teams lose they're next in line
Need Alabama or Clemson to lose and osu might sneak in
I've been struggling because I have two Newcastle players, and I haven't come to terms with the fact they're awful
Hey the games aren't over yet!
Where at?
How do you guys find those that you send?
You guys are no match for my ping pong skills
Me too!
Against Guatemala
Just announced it today
It's at crew stadium
Anyone want to go to the WCQ in March?
Not in the starting lineup
Just smart signings
I mean we don't have a ton of homegrowns
I think big teams will still buy expensive players 
Most championships
La biggest counter to it
I don't know if it will change the trend..
Don't we have one of the lowest budgets too?
That's awesome, I did not think we would do as well as we're doing
What happens to your ticket if Columbus doesn't host?
That'd odd that it's not in a neutral location
Wait it can't be in Columbus
And what's the date? And how much were they?
Where is it at?
Guys how is it?!
3-1 us
Score predictions!
I want to but I am in cincinnati without any transportation like always
Miss you guys
They didn't even have their QB playing
And they still let almost 200 yards of rushing
The offensive line got dominated though
At the same time, our offensive and defensive line truly got outplayed the entire game, so I don't know if it would of mattered, that's really why we lost
I mean if you are going to be predictable wouldn't you rather have zeke running than Barrett?
3rd quarter, wind at our backs, virtually no passing
Therefore, you have to throw the ball
But I mean I don't know what the offensive coordinator is doing, absolutely no adjustment in second half to play calling, they knew we were going to run every single play
You have Thomas, Marshall, and Braxton and you barely threw the ball
Good job to Michigan state, but lack of passing is what cost us
No playoff if we lose
Yep
This is it 
Anybody going to say anything? Any thoughts?
All comes down to if we can get a block, if not 17-14 Michigan state
Pretty dumb they're not
I would call timeout if I were Ohio state
They have the wind at their backs
They're going to kick a field goal to win it
Oh geeez
23 straight
This could be it
Big 3rd down
Anyone nervous?
Better runner than Barrett
Should just put Braxton at QB
I mean they can try to switch it up a little more
I'm rooting for them!
Besides that td pass
Supposed to have the most explosive offense, and have the most predictable play calling
Ohio State is getting pretty fortunate today
I'm happy you got your revenge though Logan, I was such an arrogant  kid 
That's pretty accurate in the present day 
😂😂true I suck, completely forgot you beat me
If that was me defending you it would of got swatted!!
Yep, people are willing to let thousands of people die because of their religious and racist insecurities, really puts some irony into our nation being "the home of the brave"
Basically sums up what I was saying why Ohio technically isn't allowed to turn them down
Nick give me a few days
Technically not allowed to refuse them
Argentina Brazil game much better
I don't know they might be pretty limited we'll see
December 12
I'm technologically incapable of that
I'm struggling to pick, guys help
Don't know, but do we watch the USA game or Argentina vs Brazil, both on at the same time??
I know I know, I'm going to try my best
I've missed too many this semester, start getting credit taking off if I miss again
I need to see if my parents can drive me back
It's on a Sunday night and I have classes the next day :(
Watch his highlights from this year and you'll see my point
By the way, Neymar in my mind has surpassed Messi and Ronaldo for best player in the world
I'm glad you guys like it but that picture was taken a month ago and I still haven't shaved so you may feel differently now 😁
Problem is I have to find out how I'm getting there and back from cincy
I'm going to look at the prices but maybe
Oh dang I was going to buy it
Week?
Is it next weeks
What about me....
Did we score?
Nor
My heart and spirit will be at the not
I started listening to Christmas music two weeks ago
I mean it's ridiculous though, no it will never change but I cannot ignore the stupidity of our education system that we revolve our college institutions around athletics. Being a fan and going to a game is fun but other than that what does it really do for you? Isn't that what pro sports are for? We're going to screw millions of college students over so that we can keep building on another platform of sport fandom where the ncaa, coaches and sportscasters get rich off of and we get poorer? It's insanely stupid.
And yeah brian it's becoming conflicting for me to know all of that and still be a fan of college sports
Don't have new emojis
Check
To Julie?
Exactly I am Swedish, we're so close to qualifying for EURO 2016
What's your number?
Logan answer me!!
Is that really it?
-__-
Logan Caleb Crumley wants to contact you what number should I give him? Is your phone still the 578 number?
But if everyone else is on board
Brian you'll get two this year 
Fabian scores against Juventus!
It's where our MUN conference is at
I'll be at duke
No but 1-1 would of been so much better
Congrats Craig, hope you feel good
Must of taught him that last year
Drogba pulling a costa move
I knew something was going to happen!
You're like 45 sec ahead
Nick you ruin it
What happened
We looked good for a sec
Honestly they give us the headsets right now no training we would be more entertaining
We all should be commentators
Brad was a crew player he's cool
Well those majors should know those jobs are unrealistic for them
Most monotone voice ever
Why is Donovan a broadcaster
Boooo Craig!
2-0 crew!
Afful is by far!
2-0 crew!
Could Howard of saved it?
Offer them enough money you'd be surprised 
Dunga
Durga
They should get ferguson out of retirement 
Rodgers
Yeah, honestly it's a good idea if you want to grow MLS you get more high profile coaches
People would want to play for him, and they can afford high profile players
If mourinho coached the galaxy they would win supporters shield every year I think 
Depends what franchise they get
I said drogba would!!
My analysis of players are on point
Oh my goodness thank you for saving that!!
I saw the Galaxy lost I was happy
Good job Logan!!
I accidentally deleted this and didn't realize and I'm so behind!
Guys I've missed everything!!
I wanted nick to go back at me but he's not being any fun :(
I don't know where I'm going with this
The Netherlands of world cups
I recognize nick is very good 
Soccer golf, FIFA tournaments
Think of all the other competitions you let slip away
There are no supporters shields in fantasy 
*chicago fire
Good job on your us open cup win
Yeah being the New England Revolution of fantasy is pretty solid
Can't decide which is worse..
But not having a lead and choking at the end of the season..
I have a history of consistently being horrible at fantasy
Hey I don't make excuses so neither should you
Yet you're bottom of the premier table....
I'm just saying you don't get trophies for not being able to win when it counts
Are you in the MLS final though..
I'm glad I kept faith in Kane
Martial
All they have is marial
United need a proven goalscorer
They're just holding on for the most part
It's hurting city though
Not sure
Injured
It was huge for them to beat Bayern though
Nick how excited are you about arsenal right now?
Derby day and decision day!! Let's go City and Crew!
Serious of course
I'm thinking I got a good shot at the EPL one
I put in a solid season
If we win we get a bye in the playoffs
I don't why I waited so long to get the app
Mccoy you have a girlfriend?
Not mine
-__-
Someone has to be Rafi
That means nick or BRIAN is taco
Who's Ruxin?
Kevin and taco
Nah mccoy to me is Kevin, I think
You
But I'm going to be more rich and successful than all of you so suck on that
I'll start wearing fedoras when we all hang out
Yeah you guys have a point..
Wait am I Andre?
Get him mccoy
I DID
Thought this would be good since we all go to Ohio schools
Best schools in Ohio ranking
https://colleges.niche.com/rankings/best-colleges/s/ohio/?utm_source=fbPPC&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=fbPPC_cRankings_Ohio
Millionaires and billionaires
Brian you seem to be half and half, Zach too kinda
Will Bernie win though?
Exactly, still raised 26 million that says a lot
Nice! I hope he wins but it's still very much a long shot
I didn't but I imagine mine would be with Bernie, through I like o malley too. Who did you get?
Yeah I liked that everyone was civil and that they talked about important issues even though they still gave broad plans on what they would do. Listening to the Republican ones are horrifying
Bernie did well but Hillary will still be up in the polls I think
Neither because they don't update anything except for rosters on old gen, same game
My PS3 won't load my stream
Are you streaming it?
Not enough to come out in the last 10 minutes
I take klinsmann's I guess because he should of just sucked it up for 10 more minutes. Subs really have an impact on how you're managing a game and who knows maybe mexico doesn't score a third if he doesn't ask for a sub
4 goals
RT
We beat Miami, FL!!
Yeah, bad day for US Soccer
He is promising but still makes too many errors passing out of the back that almost cost the Crew
No I think you're mistaking Bradley playing attacking mid is out of position. He's not good in the attack I honestly don't want him much involved in the final third because his quality drops to below mediocre in the box for me. He needs to be the guy that plays a good pass out of the back that allows us to keep possession, love beckerman but he does not do well with the ball at his feet and making decisive passes out of the back.
If I was klinsmann that's what I would do, just play mourinho minded get results football.
We have good defenders I think in besler, Cameron, and Johnson. I think they just need to make Bradley a defensive mid and let young players like Yedlin, Zardes, and wood develop attacking wise I can't stand seeing jozy underperform any longer just play the guys who look like they have potential and try to win 1-0 games until talents like gyau, Greene, Yedlin ect mature.
The whole thing about making promises in 2011 is a little tired out I don't think he expected his young talent to be so poor 4 years down the road and that he would still have to play Beasley. He made promises because he wanted to excite the fans about him taking over.
Both, we just need to accept the art of defending and counter attacking well until we ever get a personnel that can play at the highest levels of europe
I don't know, I'm a little skeptical of how Klinsmann wants us to play, haven't seen a dominating performance ever from them really under his tenure, I don't know
Yeah we don't look like we have very much quality, depressing to watch us play these days against anyone elite
Feel like I'm watching us play Belgium again
You guys suck, talk to me
Too many give aways in possession, other than that, we definitely can win
I liked how we played actually
Goodness jozy
Goodness Bradley
You texted that and it happened 10 seconds later
Nice you spoiled that for me
Exactly most of our wins our from us getting scored on first recently
I think this might help us try to dictate the game a little better let's see what happens
They are just way more comfortable
Like I said it's pretty much the equivalent, so much at stake
I was only off with beckerman being in instead of Yedlin
which one? 2010 they for sure were. 2014 they were all pretty past it, Donovan wasn't even on the squad and he was the best player of 2010
And jermaine jones
Those players in their prime by the way
I would argue bob had way better talent for that game in 2011 than klinsmann has today. Dempsey, Bradley, and Donovan along with more proven defenders, Howard was younger, and I don't think bob should of been fired.
The problem is he has to pick players who are past their prime because our young players have not proven themselves at all, it's disappointing
I think if we get blown out he should go, if we are competitive he should stay, he shouldn't be fired for simply having a worse team
It's on fox sports if you have that
Atdhe.net on Google
Yeah for some reason Dempsey hasn't played well in that little pocket he's a good 2nd striker, I'm so nervous too by the way we better win
Scratch that, Geoff Cameron instead of brooks
Dempsey Altidore up top, jones Bradley Yedlin and Zardes midfield, brooks and besler cbs, outside backs Johnson and Beasley is who I would pick. Then Howard
Yeah, honestly this is almost equivalent to a World Cup game for me, if we lose it will be really bad
If it wasn't such a massive game I would start Guzan but Howard is a big game performer and he took a year off after being with the team for a decade so he should be forgiven. Zardes and Yedlin should start on wings and need to have big games
Yeah I mean it's a one game that you need all your best players playing in and he's playing great for Everton and obviously is a big game performer. Guzan is good but he's a step down from Howard, no doubt
I would definitely start Howard by the way
I'm getting everyone's texts I think, what's it called?
That's what Klinsmann has said all along
Guzan needs to have a great game
They have a lot more quality than we do :/
My apartment
2-2 US win on penalties
You guys will win
Score predictions?!
Are you guys looking forward to the game tonight?
