What kind of tackle was that
Abu is trash 
Whoa @Logan Patiño no invite to soccer at tOSU!?
Come over, we are close
Let's go to this game this year
Someone asked Bastian Schweinsteiger at a Chicago press conference if now that he is there if they expected to compete for a World Cup😑
the only*
When your sister is going to state science fair when he only reason she went to districts was extra credit
My dad had them in the final 4
So does Wenger last the season?
What about my girl Triangle?
Yeah, I drank a total of 0 beverages 
Jell-o seems kind of childish, does it not?
I mean does MIT have the ability to grow a top class nurse as myself
Thanks
It's all good, just a lot of money that they promised that made me come here. I could have been at tOSU for cheaper but I came here because the discount would of made it worth it but hey
Okay, thanks guys
That last part was for you guys
Year of 2015
Your help is appreciated but if you don't want to I understand, Zack....get it 
hings changed to where it was 25% through junior year and 100% senior year if you sign for a extra year to work for MCHS. Which stunk but wasn't bad because the 100% would offset the 25% you would of said on junior year. I was just now informed that now it is only 25% for all 4 years and that's it. I talked with Kathy Smith and she said that the program was "discontinued". What about the students that were promised this discount?  That discount was one of the draws to MCCN, because it would save me and many other colleagues of mine money. 
Dear President Schumacher,

Hello, I hope everything is going well at your newly appointed position. My name is Craig Casto, I am a second year student here at Mount Carmel College of Nursing. I know you are probably busy with many emails and questions with this position but I hope this one won't get lost in the pile. Im contacting you to ask about the situation with the student discounts for my class. Back in 2015 I visited this school and they said that freshman and sophomores get 25% off tuition and juniors and seniors get 50% off if you work the required hours, sign to work a year after graduation with Mount Carmel Health Systems (MCHS), and fill the paperwork. When I arrived freshman yeah of 2015 that was reiterated and we were told the same thing upon opening meetings. Midway through my first semester t
Tweeting and how I should finish it
Okay my school is going to shit and I need advise on my soon email but here is background. Soooooo basically my current nursing class is shitty because the new teacher is horrible, she has no idea what she is saying and decided to be and instructor after being kicked off her clinical unit three times. Also a junior class has been having the same problem to the point they had to have a meeting for our classes. THEN the president/dean of the college stepped down Wednesday. NOW! When I was looking at the school the promised 25% off through sophomore year and 50 through senior. Changed half way through freshman year to 25 through junior and 100 senior if you agreed to a extra year with the health system. So it was less tempting but still a great deal where it made me stay and a lot of people come here. Well they just said (this month) fuck it and said it's only 25% every year. Leaving me and a couple hundred students fucked. So I'm sending an email, I need your spell check, suggested
I say we have a wabooba or a spikeball tourney
I'm not in for I don't watch college basketball
What?
I hope that isn't a signal of what our year is gonna be.
Close your legs you whore! @Zsteffen
We suck #CrewSC
I like Chicago or NY or Atl
So what crew away game are we going to? 
Okay I'm down let's book it
Okayyyyyyy what in the heck are we doing for the beach 
I really should start taking notes
I could go Higuain but he is leaving soon more than likely
I would go for him but I dont know if he will stay/start
Or "The Cryptonic Punch"
I'll get Craig "the kryptonic punch" Casto
Ola Kamara 
I'm not happy
Waylon
And will the black be a V neck because I don't want it round. I want it to be different from last years
I'll get you one from the crew shop?
I want the checkers on the black
I wish the black had the checkerboard on the side
I love both of those
Am I the only one?
Won't let me load it
Show the group 
Well let's see it

Bro, you on break this coming week!?
When you realize Vince Vaughn voices espn 30 for 30s
I feel bad for people who aren't informed about the severity of their condition
Will they Change the design of the black ones?
I probably won't be able to either due to school raw doggin me 
The one where you can meet all the crew organizations and stuff
Why is 👆🏽guy so trigger happy
Yeah, now that I hold a season ticket I need a real kit for myself 
I want to see some new Crew kits!!!😡
I'm gonna be honest, I  I bought that that was Nick😂
And ground problems 
Rude
Dude*
BLART this is harassment at this point side
Because we have to shuffle decks
I didn't think it was
The GAF head sucked, I was kicking some ass in a d-d-d-d-ddddddddDULE and I draw that pics of garbage of a card
Craig "The conquistador of punch" Casto
Can we all agree that nick obviously created Craig the Crippler
FUCK BLART
For my YuGi card
"Giant BAMF head"
Sliccc Niccc
Big Nicccc

Well everyone I guess since you all forgot I'll be the one who will remind you. Happy B-Day Nick! Where would this friend group or our family be without your witty and superior jokes and laughter 🎂🎉🎊🎁🎈🛍
You're one fucked up guy blart
You stupid idiot Blart! You need to check yourself before you wreck yourself 
BLART, no it's not man!
Why you lying blart
BLART
Go die you rent a cop
Is he gone from the chat forever?
I could go forearm under the anticubital area
Kinda like when you mistakes grandpas panther for a anchor 😂😂😂
If you pay for it
 I think that that sounds way better than my idea, consider it done
And sarcasm is not appreciated 
Well where would you suggest
That's why I'm asking group to see what they thought 
I mean I was thinking tricep, bicep forearm(top or bottom) chest, or calf. It's more for me but I don't mind if it's visible, I just don't know what would look best
Okay boys, give me all the criticism. Thinking of a tattoo, I dont know where I'd get it or if I could even afford it. I was thinking of it being the outline of Ohio and inside it said family or home on it because it'll always be where my home/family is....and yes nick I'm away Jim and Melissa live in Michigan
I'm talking about the La/NY thing you idiot
So I'm officially ready, and Nick what were you talking about?
And after having an open dispute with my seller for the last two weeks. Ali express stepped in and said I deserve a refund two days ago....my Jesery came in today
What are you talking about
I'm just saying they are horrid at time management
1st two hours of class; 36 slides
3rd hour of class 36 slides
20 minutes after class was supposed to end 36 more slides 
Rt Brian, so what would you do at NASA/Microsoft
Now I know everyone is thinking "It's McCoy's birthday and his best friend won't even say happy birthday" well sorry but we save the best for last here. @poonslayer Happy birthday bromigo! 
Can't even beat serbias D team
Don't know what you're talking about, are there still pickup games at OSU
I hate heroclix so there goes that game for me
Tell me about the game, is it like the GBA Pokémon
Nahhhh I'm playing YUgioh
I was kicking it up into the air working on my traps, ball went a little left and landed straight down 
For those confused, my ball has been punctured by the fence☹️
I just wanted to juggle at the school
I think I grew out of the allergy so the joke is on you
Gotta say, you never know the value of a fanny pack until you're at the gym with wireless headphones and don't wanna carry your phone/have to keep track of it 
I mean how many are you accounting for?
My number is because we said we wanted better this year
Well I'd say personally 150-200? 225 would probs be my ceiling since we'd still have to pay for gas and food
Okay, so for Myrtle this year we have Logan, Zach, Nick and I as a confirmed. McCoy, you said you're going right? Or is that a more than likely but maybe not depending on summer stuff with school? And then a maybe in Neil right? 
First
Well bro, Arsenal is one of the best teams in the Prem. What do you think they expected out of their new coaches dirt game?
..I do need to buy an authentic crew Jesery this year 
Digglett 
Jesery Update: Still in unknown airspace 🛫
Are the schedules out yet?
That's why I asked what the crew offer, they may have cheaper seats. But I think any of those sound nice. I like big cities 
What does the crew offer?
Just to get there
What sucks is both are 2 days of driving 
I mean I hear Seattle is a amazing place. Or Portland even
Went
Sooo I'm just trowing the idea out there, I know this one is a major stretch. So we want to Toronto last year for a game...Seattle this year?
They way I see it; does the alpha lion let other lesser lions near his lioness? No, he doesn't let her catch the sent of a lesser lion. You fuck that lion up, you're the alpha Brian.
Well I'm not going to be a pharmacist nor am I? I just need to know what is important for when I administer it and how to identify if giving a certain drug is a risk due to a pt.'s condition 
This is dookie
We have to know all side/adverse effects, how to identify if a drug would fall jn a certain category (sulf or sulphs for solfinamides) and precautions 
So. Many. Antimicrobials. So little. Time
Which one? The white has no name
Does players mean that you can get them?
Doesn't look like that on the phone
Does it say on the site? It doesn't tell me that
Shit, I just got a paycheck....here it goes
Yes, it was truly mind boggling 
That moment you watch a guy who is AT LEAST 60 incline bench 315
7 am
Well you guys enjoy the hangs, I have clinical Friday
I was thinking tonight 
If you do hang out I can hang
I'm in Pataskala
So what are we doing Bros
I'm 100% sure so get on my level 
I'm good, and same with my kit
Forgot you're on a cruise
We getting together? Bro out?
I dont know what those middle two things even are
When your coworker comes to you complaining of heartburn and asking what to do. Recommended small meals and if it stays that way to see the doctor. She then says ibuprofen has helped, you then Inform her that it's okay to use it every now and again but it's not smart to use NSAIDs frequently. She then is talking at work Friday (6months later) talking about how she had a upper endoscopy done and she apparently had GERD, then she says how she also has a stomach ulcer as well 😑 she took ibuprofen for 6 months when I said not to...and gave herself a ulcer and now she has to follow a crap diet. Should of listened, people are idiots
3
My exam is over pathophysiology, which is mostly cancer in our class so I'm enjoying it
Last two exams tomorrow then work all weekend 
I'm pretty sure you've said that every year to every season
I have to say I like how close the league is half way through.....besides Niel
She's probably wanting to put the pussy on the chain wax man
Or she "sent it to the wrong person"
Also, think sliced toast? Your definition is wrong, Texas Toast is thick sliced bread NOT thick sliced toast based off what you're saying.
When a Nord stumbled upon the local tavern and asked for their freshest of sliced toast from the land of Texas.....garlic covered thick toast was what he received
Julie!? Her opinion on the Texas Toast debate has about as much weight as mine would at a talk about computer programming
If you ask 10 people I guarantee 8 say it's what is pictured above. The other two are just really dumb
When you came home and saw this bag, you know there was about to be hella spaghetti 
This is OG Texas Toast, this was before those other guys, the imitators, the fakes, the copy cats.
Customs has held my Jesery
One down.....4 to go
Logan, why would you captain a defender...against Manchester 
And you're ahead of me, spoilers man
That is the new dictionary definition of a save 
I literally just splooged everywhere 
Doesn't soccer
Yes but for a good 4 min I was watching every change of play like "oh here it comes"
With every ounce of my being
I hate you 
Don't say anything, I'm only in the 97:45 min
This game, I don't want extra time 
Who's watching the game
I need to proof read my messages more 
Damn it auto correct 😂
Well mister grammar; you're missing a few your missing a comma in your message. Can you tell me where one belongs?
Is that The White House?
What are they all for
Dude you're a idiot and I have no idea
One exam down, one more and 4 finals to go
I mean I saw stuff on Ali so I did it off it? Is that okay?
Jesery on the way from Ali 
..come on man
I'm in
....I'm invited 
I work the 1st so I won't be attending 
Do a New Years kind of deal
Our fantasy league is really close rn
16
Yeah my roomie and I are listening to the police scanners 
Point
Listening to police scans, someone is in the Lane Ave garage being held at gunpiunt
People are dying and that's "neat!"!?
Guy, be a hero
Go tackle the gut
You mean Chicago
Dude you should have said you were transgender 
I'll be late, nick is taking forever to buy a tree
I will arrive at 7:10
I work at 6 am so I'll need to go to bed around 1 so I'll be out
Yeah get him to Columbus and say find a ride Biach 
So what, be there around 7?
Are we still all hanging out
I'm kidding guys, when do you want me there
I'll be there...if I'm still allowed
Anyone else having issues with finding soccer jerseys on Ali?
I hate how the US has rushed into a decision on the coach
I feel we are screwed now for qualifying 
Well if we go to McCoy's one may be there, if not we'd have to bring one
Logan does you dingbat
Yeah, and will food and ps4s be provided or will we need to bring some?
As everyone is anxiously awaiting my answer I am happy to inform everyone I will be attending the Thanksgiving break get together...if I'm invited
When you realize the LA Galaxy is sponsored by a Pyramid scheme
Make sure to include who previously got you jerseys 
By Friday 
Intentionally walk people...both times fuck you over
YEAH
@Niel Skalican 
http://assets.nydailynews.com/polopoly_fs/1.1300713.1364565374!/img/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/gallery_1200/job-meme.jpg
Pretty sure mine was better on value, and who was last 😅
What a final
Carve a traditional face but cut the whole in the bottom then put it on your head and wear it like a mask
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lumnrehOFH1r3rdhao1_500.jpg
Did anyone else know that the MLS did shootouts like hockey during the playoffs? Back in the day
CLEVLAND V. Toronto AGAIN!!
Actually said I was 21 so only a year off
Yeahhhhh I like the it's not broke so why fix it, it's already exciting enough. I don't wanna watch teams lose 12-1 because that's just ugly soccer and would rather watch close games. 
Yeah I don't see why change it if it's not broken. Changing the tourney doesn't fix the corruption that happened
How do you decide the teams who do and don't have to play to get in?
48 teams with a play in round
Thoughts on the new proposal for the World Cup
Everyone say hello to the new 2016/17 season ticket member of Columbus Crew SC⚽️
Hitting my stride at the right time. Sorry Brian but not tourney for you
Whenever Columbus loses is the day they won't have it anymore
Just like good ole Brett, and true. BC got smacked
http://blacksportsonline.com/home/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/brett-favre-215x300.jpg
D. Yed just signed with Newcastle
The name is actually kind of messed up but I'm happy with it
It's not the top one, but it's the 60 dollar one. It has a name on it, now worth 80. And it was only worth 18 so screw you
It's beautiful
I'm not worried if you abort it adopt or whatever. I'm just gonna say for the fact of how much more time you'll have to put in with the child, which would effect work and things of that nature if you would decide to go a different way
Moral Question of the Night:
If you took the blood test to find out if your kid had any diseases/disabilities (still in the placenta) and found out it had trisomy-21; would you keep it? (Weather or not you abort it or put the kid up for adoption I'll leave out of the question)
But that's the only guy
Especially to a stupid number, who is number 14? Wtf kind of number is that
The moment you get a jersey of yea boy and he changes numbers😐
How does BPL work, head to heads or just a table off points
Ccamcasto@gmail
Dude she's got it😳
Hmmm, well I left my green waterbottle at your house. I think I'll be by Thursday it Friday to get it if that's possible
Is anyone at the Patiño house
She has such great vision 
I didn't think that through
First 
Or same layout but the best team gets a bye in the dirt round
@Brian Hoffman U ready 
https://media0.giphy.com/media/9oCI8bU7ynSJW/giphy.gif
Rt 
So is it going down?
I think so
Golf 
Because that's the only time Neil is free
Soccer tennis at 8 
Here(talking in the chat)
Well Logan and McCoy aren't even here so I'm gonna assume nothing is in the morning
DUDE, PEOPLE ACTUALLY ATE POKEMON IN THE SHOW
So what's going on tomorrow
Work kept me late I'll be there around probably 1030 at this rate sorry
Catch n some fish
I'm here
How far away are you
Where are you guys
OSU shirt or Bentder jersey
Just got off
🙈 I'll get them when we head to the 6
🙋🏻
And how much a ticket/ who is gonna drive 
I'm sorry
I'm trying
Ehhhhh
What day
FUCK
Is the game this weekend?
I couldn't tell you guys
DUH
YA BOY
5 gyms in Columbus, all yellow 
No?
If that's to late tell me
5:45
I'm on my way home
I'll came if I can head home first, at Abby shikys
Where!? Who
What's going on
Someone quick update
https://media2.giphy.com/media/POql6zsXZbmcE/giphy.gif
Yeahh I'll be making a trip to Alaska or Greenland to get me a snowrunt
It looks so dumb
It's funny to watch nick try to like this game
Nope
Then you bring up these new teams and if their are DP players and they get relegated then what?
Because they never start their full rosters because they don't care. I
Because they lost to a team that the crew beat 4-0 and you are making fun of the crew now for being at the bottom of the table. It would be embarrassing 
But they wouldn't come close
And the league is already so close. Last year Colorado would have been relegated...this year they are topping the table 
But it's gonna generate 0 if a team is relegated. They will lose all support
Your team didn't even beat them, they LOST. 
http://www.troll.me/images/gary-coleman/why-do-we-care.jpg
Well you see, his girl is on her phone to much so they don't get much lovin. So he got her some of that and then he is gonna proceed to giver her some of his Vitamin D
Iceland RN
http://footballmemesdotorg.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/wpid-facebook_-2015823995.jpg?w=480
https://media1.giphy.com/media/3o7qDLtZRVfEZF0fq8/giphy.gif
He's on your once favorite team
https://c1.staticflickr.com/5/4108/5016461377_950d56fa49_z.jpg
I'm working so I won't be able to attend
@poonslayer 
Nick when is the 4th party at GPs
Sure after the game
Germany's goal
Wow
Potion seller, I'm going into battle and I need your strongest potion 
http://1.media.dorkly.cvcdn.com/20/24/7703729054a859a61bcab3d94d94be1a.jpg
Whoa😳
https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/2238188497/image.jpg
https://media0.giphy.com/media/8VLgtJqaxIlhu/giphy.gif
COLOMBIAN MIRACLE STRECH 
@Brian Hoffman 40 min away from your college
Gas station BBQ joints. That's who
CURRY IS GOING MAD
RT 
😞😐
And we are gonna foul out in the first quarter
Cavs are throwing this away
We had better attendance at the World Cup 
Why do USA fans suck
The Copa stadium is so sad
Nick what would make you happier, NBA champions or copa America champions
It was my rest, I went to greenfield estates
http://www.studentvillage.co.za/media/articles/images/History-of-designated-driver-program-Key.jpg
https://media3.giphy.com/media/qwZQ7BqbWiIj6/giphy.gif
I think the Kei trade was planned, it's pretty CONVENIENT that the 1/2 price night falls when the Crew play New England
We are here
You guys up
I'll bring extra clubs 
Down
Yes, I didn't know you were home. That's why I didn't offer! Let's do this!
Wait are we for real!?
Que Tiempo?
REALLY
@poonslayer Golf tomorrow?
Okay, last time I ask for hair help😳
A true Timmy 
Crying, and im also sorry to inform the group that I will be cutting my hair before vacation. I'm open to suggestions 
I mean I'm assuming we will be seeing them anyway. I make zero promises 
Again, I do but I really would rather find someone who wants a relationship
😂😂😂😂
Even more sad, I like my girls cute
Is she got doe?
Oh my lord, and yeah it's disappointing how I don't have any desire for sex with random people😂😂😂
Hey man, as fun as it sounds I'm looking for a more permanent woman in muh life.
You can get em both bro! First of the group to have a threesome 
Hahahaaaaaa, well tell her thanks for the offer but I don't have she supply for the demand. This D is saved for my future boo boo thang
We haven't even been there yet bro😂
Big Destroyer 
They are mostly the same
That's expensive though, I think they would fit you 
You can also get a cart for it for a extra 5
Mostly a matching set of Wilsons
@poonslayer @Logan Patiño 20 bucks
http://t.qkme.me/35uagr.jpg
He broke his toe a week ago! Come on
Let me know 
When and who with
I'm free
Why?
McCoy, did you and Logan do your passport stuff today?
Passport is on the way
McCoy look out, Zach Flueki just slid into Mel's DMs
Oh, okay lol nevermind I thought it was in June.
The game is at the end of next month right?
I just didn't want you guys to be done when I got there
I'll be there around 4 if that works for you guys
Hey, I get off work at 3, do you guys need or want my help moving the rest of the sand?
Or McCoy 
Hey Logan, is it okay if I show up around three?(volleyball)
Sports center says it's official :)))))
MOURINHO TO MANCHESTER!!!!!
Well I'll help if you guys want my help, just let me know.
And are you moving it today?
I mean I'm okay to help, I will be using it it's only right I help; right?
I mean is it a lot of sand
I mean if you guys want help I'm down to come and help
Hey
Happy B-Day Petr!!!!
http://www.sport-express.ua/upload/news/2012/4/161192-petr-cheh-my-sdelali-eto-barselona-chelsi-2-2-liga-chempionov-12-finala-otvetnyj-match-.jpg
Today is the birthday of a true legend
Note we were wrestling for a minute and a half before I said you're dumb and stopped
He just sat there, I stopped because he claimed he was "playing D-fence". So I quit because he wasn't actually arm wrestling he was just sitting there
Okay first off they were louder because they scored in 5 seconds and we are all pissed, then they scored a second crap goal after the ball was clearly out. Our fans couldn't get into a game that we were being screwed over in the first 20 min. 
When does this event start?
One MLS player on the USA roster...it's Tim H.....who probably won't even start in the first place
There is a lot of potential for table movement this week. 
I listened to it and he is supposed to go to Philly if the MLS works how it is supposed to with new players.
"Suspicious"  package at Old Trafford 
Any opinions on the USA-Mex joint bid to host a World Cup
Is that a no?
Spike ball?
Sooooo July 31st; Crew SC v. Toronto FC at Toronto?
#true
I heard its upward of 300,000
Good news is we will be making a crap ton off him
I mean Crew wouldn't let go of him unless they had a backup
This sucks, let's go Ola Kamara then. 
Hey what's up, is everyone still at the Patiño house?
Who all is over and what's going on?
Ehhhhh I dont know
Not like Karen, she is the true bæ.
I'm at the point where F and The P have met and Matt has been missing all the trials. I don't like him with Electra, I like him to be with Karen better. I feel she is gonna end up with floppy which I don't want and he shouldn't be with the stupid head 
I don't want Matt to be with Electra 
DareDevil has me 🎣
E. 3
Nooo this is my kind of woman. And my kind of show
She is gorgeous
I would marry Karen Page
It happened in the first ten min, the next twenty for me were uneventful
Then*
Today at OSU I catch the ball between my thighs, jump and push it forward than volley it in for the game winning goal.....only thing I did in 30 min
Thing*
It's the same think but one is with two grown men
But this is a foul? I don't get it

This is cute
(This is from fortune magazine)
And fun fact of the day Ohio contains four company's  in the top 100 company's to work for in 2016 and two of them are hospitals, one is some company I dont know and the other is Nationwide Mutual Insurance
Or just save up for a legit one
I know but it's from Ali and I didn't know if I wanted to risk it and buy one from it
Nick got a Crew one, or at least he told me he did, and I want to know how it looks before I buy mine
Forgot to ask @Nick Casto , how good is the CrewSC jersey you got
I'll need enough for 32 hours
No, we earn plt every paycheck but it's only like 2 hours per check 
I can't ask for any more days off if I want to go on vacation. We HAVE to use PLT if we want to call off and I need to have enough for Myrtle so I'm out
I mean I feel we all work during the week so Friday-Sunday is probably best
We should go on a bro camping trip
So is anyone looking to see the new movie with Key and Peele
Yes
I mean if you were able to buy two next season id pay you on the spot with cash
I mean I know know there is a list and that current holders get theirs first, so I didn't know if I couldn't get you to buy two and I'd pay you
Certainly not for Chelsea 
Can I get 
Hey bro, for the 2017 season tickets through you?
Take out the been*
Okay that's like telling Shaq he was bad at free-throws when he played for the Celtics. It was his 19th season and he was been bad every season before. It's my 19th year of bad grammar, why are we still surprised about this?
At Slither.io
I'm to good 
So if Cavs make finals, we going on a trip to Cleveland
Or the hangover fries 
The Cuban war pig is sooo good
I work 6-11:30 with bill then 12:30-10 with MCW
I would but I work this weekend from 6a-10p
YOURE GOING TO THE MELT
RT 
I have that!!!!! And I wouldn't want to work with C. diff, I see enough old people with it when I work to know I'd take a hard pass on that.
😳 C. diff
That's scared to think about how many places do that with so many different bacteria and microbes
Yeahhh, I prefer to go to a place and learn to save someone rather than kill someone.
Dude, he is doing a lot better than Costa. And Pato has nothing on Lukaku.
Lukaku is coming back to the Bridge baby
I sadly bring out the best in people
This makes my blood curl
I hate fantasy soccer more than anything
Brian wins😡
Well nevermind that, no one on my bench played 😂😂😂😂
😘 luv you
I have subs coming too
I have Castillo and Urruti too there Brian😘
I'll chip in
Did you buy it?
?? What is that
Pankhurst right now
https://media2.giphy.com/media/Lw2x4ckkUyPdu/giphy.gif
Prediction: 2-2
I have to save my money for new breaks and tires for my car; I also have to save for room and board next year for I want to pay out of pocket
Everyone I saw McCoy two days ago, first time I've seen anyone in this group since soccer golf
And get my paddle
Think of how much he hurts right now, he played the whole game 😂😂😅
I mean he was the only player talked about really so he is #1
He is my fave, I was bandwagon when he was #8.
Yeah, you can't miss a farewell to Kobe. A top 10 maybe even top 5 great!
I'm happy I stayed up for this
It took him 20 years, but he finally passed
HE IS EVEN PASSING THE BALL
I mean I wouldn't be surprised if La paied the Jazz to lose but still. 60 POINTS
This is insane, 50+ in his last game
He has ice in his veins man, even at 37 man. This is crazy
Is anyone watching Kobe's last game?
So you may get me, I have two people not playing
I didn't even know this week started this early
I'm down 
You're doing a triathlon aren't you?
Is anyone else here doing the marathon besides Neil 
Bro, we aren't horrible. Just to have a cool bro time
I say we try to find a golf course for vacation.
What was that sentence 😂
He honestly didn't play that he played bad in my eyes
He hasn't been bad, I would say he has played well
I feel bad for Sunderlands goalie, he is killing it while the team plays like complete trash
It's at the farm now
That amazing moment where you get free BCCAs with your purchase of protein 
Matt Mizaga has been horrible for Chelsea today
You guys are doin it too?
http://cdn.meme.am/instances/250x250/57306047.jpg
That would be a no
OF COURSE I KNOW IT!
DOES TRUMP WANT TO BUILD A WALL?!?!
ITS SETTLERS OF CATAN
But if in person we prefer it in cash; singles only.
That goal was killer
Second week straight I've had the second most fantasy points in MLS and I play the person with the most.
I know, my boy is cementing his spot for next year. This kid is going to be amazing
Is anyone watching sports nation
I mean, we are seeing where it goes. But it's looking good
Yeah, we are currently conversing 
I'm not "messing" with her at all
You're so stupid
What?
@Brian Hoffman 
She will be, hopefully
I feel a lot is with attendance too, now yes the men's team isn't bringing in crazy numbers, but the women aren't even coming Close to the men I assume
And not at all
Well I'm tryin to make her my bæ, and did you hear about the USWNT filing for wage gap suit?
She isn't my anything lol, I have bæ
Yeah I almost forgot to thanks bro
I'll be at gp in 20
Nick you sill up?
Sorry I didn't do exact numbers
The stadium only holds like 16,000
There is a sneak peak
Has anyone seen the stadium for Nigeria and Egypt?
The plot, it thickens😳
I don't think I'm going to go. Thanks for the offer but I just remembered 
I have a anatomy test on Wednesday, I need to study for that. 
Well wait
Yes unless you can/ want to sell it
I dont know, it sounded weird
The United States have
United States has
Has*
Anyone hear Macklemore's new album?
I hate fantasy soccer
Lost to McCoy....by one point
BREAKING NEWS ON Sc
TIMMY TO COLORADO
My boy Ruben flopped like a true pro and got Chelsea a game tying Pk.
Before I go to sleep, Nick why is your profile pic of our dad asleep?
Depending on the day I may buy it
And get my other ping pong paddle back tomorrow btw
When people get there for soccer
We have the same mom
When is field open at OSU
http://theshedender.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/Jose-Mourinho-.png
And they always get red cards in big games, no fault of wenger 
They need a real striker, lest be honest G and Wekbeck are not and won't be world class strikers like Kün or Costa(in prime)
How could you fire him, Arsenal has been one of the most consistent finishers in the past decade because of him
Your math is wrong 
My left side is the bigger side
It sucks when you lift and notice how Un Proportional you arms are 
It sucks
Blue Mountain State has a new movie on Netflix 
http://www.wptz.com/image/view/-/9261090/highRes/1/-/maxh/480/maxw/640/-/ugp3vg/-/Breaking-News-1.jpg
None, I dont care about mine
App that gives foods that help you get your required micros
I hate them, I never feel it and they just suck
I will now and forever hate triceps 
In a actual game
You guys haven't beat me since I have obtained my paddle
All games
Well I actually only won  two sets. It was 2-3 0-3 0-4 0-3. But I kept app games within 3
Just played table tennis for three hours straight at Columbus' ping pong club, I have sores on me feet and hands. I never say down once
No Allen Iverson?
All with throwback jerseys 
We all need to get one and have a basketball game
Show dad
That's sick
I mean hey, it could work out that you to like eachother tho
Inescapable 
Nick, fwb ends in two things; a accidental baby, or you two fighting when one gets feelings
https://media0.giphy.com/media/4hf6lCc9MFa5a/giphy.gif
http://www.eurweb.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/jamie-foxx-memes.jpg
After 3 and a half hours I have prepared for my week
Oh you said that
It D-nags
The work cup 2010
Is there still a penalty for to many transfers in a week?
Beer
I feel that Portland could have a cool tifo
Here is my pitch

The Portland team is hoisting the trophy in front of the Nordeke with confetti flying
Then there are bear cans flying toward them
And it says "Stay Classy Columbus"
We are away
At Portland
They just won a MLS cup
Against us
There fans are gonna be nuts
Players and fans will want some revenge for out bear shower
Let's see who can predict the most games correct this year 
2-2 
SCORE PREDICTIONS
Everyone it's that time again
Logan, thank you. I didn't see last nights messages
http://download.ultradownloads.com.br/wallpaper/275628_Papel-de-Parede-Meme-Forever-Alone_1920x1080.jpg
My app or Jozy
You'd have to educate them obviously, and anyone (more than likely elderly will need it) who would be at a hospital could learn
Bro, my app makes sense. It's would turn your phone into a pulse oximeter 
What would that be used for? And how do you take it normally (not counting drawing blood) 
You can also let it detect pulse also just to add more to it
I dont know if you still need the app logan, but make a app that uses the light of your phone to measure your SaO2 concentration in blood.
Annndddd Arsenal has lost their title chance
I dont know, McCoy and I had a pretty bad club team our first two years
Is she ugly, are you judging a book by its cover nick?
 When your dad is so cool that Reese's Puffs is his cereal of choice
Nothing man, just wasn't a lot of points and didn't know what was happening.
Logan, Brian and Neil, are you even playing?
Arsenal being Arsenal
I'm in
You just go to join private leave and enter the code
What's the code
So how do I get into our fantasy group? Do I make my team then join the league or what?
Like a wanna see a damn eagle 
Either way I think it look really bad, I like the "old" crest better also.
No
It's ugly
Apparently we are getting a new crest too
Black with a blue and a red sleeve
Has everyone seen the leaked new USA kits
Summer classes 
I actually might be on campus
Ccamcasto@gmail.com
My car is the same year as yours
And I never dated salmon
  Same as yours bro but different model and about 150000 less miles
Everyone meet Shannan, she is my new used car.
The earth is actually flat, pictures from "space" are a lie.
The missions to mars aren't real either, just a ploy to make Russia spend their money on a "space race" and lead to them going bankrupt.
Whoopse
I haven't had a extra carb since 2004 four, you see these, I live with these every day.
Is everyone off the last week of this month?
It's funny for me because I've seen Nick lose his cool and say sh**(indoor) but I can't imagine him in someone's face 
http://p1cdn01.thewrap.com/images/2014/09/celebrity-big-brother-140913-gary-busey.jpg
They are beautiful but after some time they lose there beauty and become nothing but a place where you live. I love the beach, it's sunny and awesome. But after a week they im more than happy to be here in Ohio
Our 16 cousins and 9aunts and uncles live here and out mom and dad. Nick will make enough money to go wherever he wants to on vacation, family is everything.
Our whole family is here Neil; this is home. We love this place, why would we ever leave
You won't? You are going to be a pharmacist, if your company wants you to move...find another hospital
I'm ashamed all of you are leaving too
Don't worry bro, it's only until I find my red haired beauty
I'll be in Ireland and or Scotland 
I'm saving up for my season ticket next year!
Brian face timed me randomly with his lady
The face time call, with your girl
Why Brian
I don't want this
http://www.compelvisuals.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/SampleConcussion.jpg
If you have head gear I'll do it
So yes?
It's honestly really fun 
?
Did you get head gear!
No, but it was cold enough I ran inside and it picks songs based on your pace so you run on beat and it feels amazing
Spotify is amazing for running, fun fact of the day
We don't like him, he is cheap and scores. 
Now why does Walcott not start, see what happens
Cećh is still God in the goal 
Work flow

Sports Illustrated Swim suit edition for this year is coming out and they are revealing ye cover and stuff. Nick has every copy from the last like 7 years
You on TNT @Nick Casto or are you waiting for the actual magazine 
When Costa is your captain and he score and assisted/ was assisted by your midfielder Willian.
The more I see this whole kit the more I'm excited for it.
I want the crew to do that the Dynamo are doing, have the fan send in kit ideas
I really like it
I think the close up looks really good honestly
I mean I'm buying one either way, I don't have a actual crew jersey so this is the one.
It just clashes
Either way, is there a black version of this
Or is there a black version of this
Is the away just like last years?
I might be something that just has to grow on us. 
Well.....that looks horrifying
It's not just spread by mosquitos
Mosquitos and sex
I mean, minus the red and blue it's not that bad
That's not the jersey, why would there be red and blue. If they were black and yellow I wouldn't mind it
Pics
David.....monster 
DDDDDDIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOO
Mikel didn't even touch him
Brian, Tottenham has no chance right now. No one does
Leicester 

When is ready 
It looks real
I mean I just got it cut, so we will see what it looks like I'm two months time 
Because I've hit man bun, what would any longer achieve? I don't want to look like Kyle beckerman 
No it is a like a Kei small bun and doesn't look good, I'm lopping it off
@Logan Patiño I have done it, I have a man bun
Same with nursing but hey, more money with a masters
They have one here, I know I'm doing it
They need Donovan
I hate JJ just signed autographs on the way out of the tunnel
I mean he is getting in good positions 
Finlay's touches and passes have been horrible
Score prediction 4-2 USA 
Chelsea is not takin Terry back, he will be in the MLS next year. Calling it
@McCoy Patino 
https://media0.giphy.com/media/TeSh0CFqLvUpq/giphy.gif
#longlivetheafroduck
Now that's my kind of table tennis match
Like caving in Kentucky 
I mean lets at least go somewhere then so it's a exciting thing
Shotgun 
Id say a broad trip but we don't have a big vehicle
Scratch that, try to pull a tube behind it
Go to a lake, rent a boat for a day and booze cruise 
Canada
Road trip to Cali
I think everyone would 
Does anyone here still have rapchat?
What about the beach, any news on that
Can't make transfers in the July 2016 or Jan 2017 Windows I think it is
Hear about the Atletico and Real Madrid bans?
She actually does bro
Because as a nurse we deal with people with many different practices and they want us to be respectful and know why. Our teacher is a person who actually teaches priests in the the Catholic Church, and is very biased.
We are learning about he heart and blood, so not bad but strugglin. I also have to actually apply myself in the micro class I have and I have to suffer through a religions class
But finished top two
I had Defoe and two 7 pointers on my bench
To*
Lookin fresh on the elevator up yo my job interview.
So is the positive or negative after your blood type say if you are Rh positive or negative?
And Zack asked when is the beach @Nick Casto 
At?
The top of a Light and Fit yogurt cup. It never comes off as one piece for me, but today I did it
I did it, hole top with no stragglers
When do we draft for next segment, like when can we pick our teams?
And I'm rockin a mex tux
Well I leave to MCCN around 6
Bro coffee trip
Will Trapp is ranked 43 on the Bleacher Report's "100 players to watch in world football in 2016"
So soccer field anyone?
Basically...I'm good
I go back no later than Saturday, I don't mind not being able to attend if need be
Yes but I'm not going to fuel my brother to make fun of me
https://media4.giphy.com/media/OJp5pne69OeY/giphy.gif
Looks young but if she was older I'd give her muh numbua
Ccamcasto@gnail
You guys all owe me 2.50 for pizza
I've hit every light, no joke
Do I need them, how about that
What about my gloves? Have they been discovered
Sooooo what's going on
Yeah
Having a table tennis training montage 
That ban by FIFA though
That's not a option
I said Trumoo too 
Okay everyone, if you are getting chocolate milk would you rather have nesquik, trumoo or no preference 
They were on three weeks ago  I know that 
Just let me know when and if you're leaving, and the white ones on wheels are always there I think
We are from BC, it's to cold for gym 
Does that matter?
I'm heading home now from TJ Max and  then I'm going to field 
When is this happening so I know how long I have at stores
Not like you're gonna score 😂😂
What time are we looking at
I could go
When your roommate moves out without giving you a warning and takes all the cups, bowls, steak knifes and silverware 
If by work out you mean run 4 miles...every day but weekends
I get two, Nick "Slick as Silk" Casto vs Craig "The Conquistador of Punch" Casto
Those to might as well not be on the field because they aren't doing anything
Well yeah because hazard is literally a shell of what he was last year and Costa is plain GARBAGE so far. 
They were so good at scoring and then just playing good defense...this year the back line is horrible
And they aren't playing at all like they did last season, they aren't sitting back and hitting the counter. 
No but let's be honest here, Chelsea has the talent to be AT LEAST 10th.  The players are just playing like they don't care at all. 
...it's a dumb decision, Man City didn't sack their manager when they were playing horribly after they won the league....nor did United. It's one bad season, he just won you the League last season. If the players are unhappy with him I guess I can understand it, but he shouldn't be sacked because of this start
I got my jersey today
....such a bad move
I saw the video of him signing all of those
Well I am so you have to include that into the scheduling
We have Christmas at the Fair's also nick
And the pay gap is because there is more audience for men's sporting events compared to the women's. You can't match the pay when you don't make the money to do so
I should be free, maybe job interviews. Christmas at the Fair's also
There has been a lot of muscle atrophy of my muscles though since last year.
I didn't even get to participate in the first one because of a shoulder injury! I would of killed it that year! 
Thought id remind everyone who the champ is right now
While though it's possible I doubt it, they have the players to win obviously (they won last year). They just started horribly, and they know it's to late to get to the top so they just don't care. I doubt they play like this all season, they will get it together, win a few games and get around 9 or 12th on the table. 
#Dfence#Chelsea
https://media1.giphy.com/media/bw5XguBfq5eJa/giphy.gif
Nuff said
http://gabbyhilaire.files.wordpress.com/2014/08/img_9649.jpg
http://media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/4f/86/c8/4f86c87cb2baaa9446afead1fe5883dd.jpg
Well Chelsea is looking to kill another Columbian's career  
Rbare.com and get you some cheep raybans
When Zach enters the conversation 
http://mindstepsinc.com/wp-content/uploads/Bad-Advice.jpg
His*
Brian on is testicle
https://media0.giphy.com/media/nRJhyaqkTel2M/giphy.gif
#teamoncelostbutnowarefound
Because nick still has a chance to keep is balls, you've lost yours already. It's too late for you
But if you trust her I guess that's a good thing though so that part doesn't matter
Yeah, but you don't want her to be hanging with her ex who she "still loves". She has all she needs in you, distance is hard but it's worth it if you two like eachother
Not necessarily break up with her, but tell her you're not confertable with the whole hanging with the ex. I mean that just seems like a lifeboat 
I'm in the library now studying endocrine hormones for my anatomy and physiology exam tomorrow 
That annoying moment when your captain doesn't get more points than your goalie......or defender
Are we all watching the Barclays Boxing Day like we did last year?
Nope, I was just wondering because I know it's on moms laptop and desktop
No I was just wondering lol
I was
Should I get Norton on my Mac
P1s-Pharmacy 1??
Yep, I know for anatomy if I want to finish with a A I can't get anything lower than a 70, for Biochemestry nothing lower than a 77 and in psychology I have to get a 95 on the final for a A
Thanks guys
Oh and noones name is being used in the paper
Thank you Niel
That would be your answer to #2
Yes it does my friend
I have a English paper I have to write after I do a survey.
Please help me out and just answer these three questions?
Have you ever used your phone or MP3 while driving?

If so, what are you usually doing?


Even though by now you have been informed about distracted driving, why aren't you worried about an accident?

Did you keep the flags?
Have you guys left yet
We will probably pass. If it's busy we won't be able to get there at 1:30 
This is nick by the way
There 
What time did you plan on going three 
The church crowd is going to sloops and it will be packed 
Nevermind 
To eat?
Are we all going out befor the game?
About went American Psycho on em
http://fanart.tv/fanart/movies/1359/moviebackground/american-psycho-4ff951c78a025.jpg
SEE
Yeah I'm going to the one on campus
Oh yeah the panera by campus yes lol 11th
I'm by the nationwide building
I dont care 😂 I was just gonna go to Panera but if you guys wanna go elsewhere. (I'm 30 min away)
Portland fans....all over Columbus 😳 I'm walkin to OSU now for some pre game grub
Nick I'm kidding, you know. like I'm so excited, I'm already there because I'm a crazy fan....I was kidding
I'm already outside the stadium😳
Yes
That would be a no
I wouldn't wanna walk home haha
Yeah? I'll need a ride home though
I was just gonna walk?
For what
...24 hours
That Pirlo part put me to tears
To bad that would never happen, and it's been proven by how well you guys were at the last free kick shoot around 
Year yeah*
My freshman yeah, I get reminded ever time I go to a game
Ehhh, the kick was mediocre

And also to the giff labeled "me", that is the WORST wall placement, I wouldn't do that. So you wouldn't have scored it on me
If you mean "you" as in the goalie...I saved it
If you mean "you" as in the kick taker...planned it
For your free kick abilitys
https://media2.giphy.com/media/wV0XDfE05XZ4s/giphy.gif
I'm not saying it has to be during our Christmas Eve events I was just saying in general. Like how we would go to the field and just take free kicks...well you guys would attempt too
I'm down for just us, but I wanna play some soccer.
Or do it like we did at Myrtle Beach and rotate in teams of two?
So when all get back we have our soccer classic, what about calling up Thomas, Kolin, Kevin H., etc and get some small sides scrimmages or something?
https://media0.giphy.com/media/D3s5OYIDs7atG/giphy.gif
http://img.pandawhale.com/21462-Kelso-Burn--Ashton-Kutcher-U8LS.jpeg
http://31.media.tumblr.com/3dc4c0003716c988e5e97333131ba504/tumblr_mszapczh3P1qz8x31o1_500.gif
I compare myself to a Sunderland, I started really poor but things are looking up for me.
Logan is spitting 🔥🔥
More like third person from the bottom!
Depending on how the rest of the week goes, Craig might climb another position, out of the relegation zone.
BATMAN DOESN'T USE A GUN
The Ohio State Panera is a great study place
Fine I'm getting there at 1:25
I sent it right after you did!
I'll be there at 1:30
When the gate opens, I need to buy a crew scarf or hat there
I'm ready 
Who will you get to take your shift
HOLY SHIT
I say New York puts up a fight and it'll be 3-1 Bulls but Crew takes the aggregate win
I'm drooling 
That dribbling was so sexy
I spoke*
😳we spoke way to soon
GOAALLLLLLLLLLLL
So boys, first week of June....the beach?
Must of heard McCoy's rants
We should get there earlier if it's at the Crew stadium so we have more standing room
I know how you feel
That's not the Nordecke?
Logan, in row 206!?
Far
Anyone else see the Portland game so fat
Did you guys get out?
"2-2
You guys here?
We are leaving now 
Craig and I*
I just remembered McCoy stole a whole flag from the last game
So no?
Sunny/partly cloudy 
I'll come to you
Yeah? After soccer
Nick, can you take me home from OSU?
Nick, are you going to OSU tonight?
Sorry, didn't know if the summer one was called that or not!
Who's got the winter soccer golf trophy? Me😉

Well I sent in the request, I haven't heard back. You can stay in my room no matter what, I dont know how comfy the couch is though.
I may be on the bottom but I'm slowly on my climb 
That disappointing college moment where your pants don't fit and your belt is to big.
And you won't have to
If not I don't mind if you stay in mine.
I can see if I cant get you a room to yourself.
Are you okay with racism 
Then how can you see why they don't 
#prayforparis 😑
Yed....come on 
Has
He had done it!
Hey guys, sale on Wednesday on Ali. Get the jersey then to save big bucks!
I haven't seen one soccer highlight on ESPN
So everybody, score prediction? I'm going 3-1 Columbus but Impact will score first.
Sorry, are you close? (Trying to improve my grammar)
Are you close
Nick was wondering, we are on the way now
McCoy, when are you guys getting there?
...come on...this again
I dont know, is the president black?
But we will be there
  Is Brian!?
Logan, are you gonna be in the Nor?
And you don't wanna be a cardiologist/mammogramist/neurosurgeon 
McCoy ever since you have come back from MIT you have been making some dangerous choices. Early Christmas music, sneaking your way into the Nor...what happened to you
McCoy are you going to the game?
But then it's not a discount 
STOP THIS 
WHY
YOU ARE A SAVAGE
NO ITS NOT MCCOY, STOP
Remember most of them are 40+
GIVE MAMMOGRAMS 
DERMATOLOGIST 
CARDIOLOGIST 
So*
No is Neurosurgeon not a option?
🖐🏻
Yeah and mine is non-existent sooo no tuition increase here
If that doesn't scream Columbus 
I will
Logan knows all about my score prediction ability. 
You guys are ahead of me
I didn't hear pharmacist can synthesize those now
I'm only a freshman in nursing school but just a thought 
I'm pretty sure you can't be revived after 90 minutes
What minute are you guys in
To Neil
Fav RT
I mean I don't hear complaints about Brad announcing.
Well yeah, Donovan knows what he's talking about. Now yes he is the worst one to pick because of how boring he sounds BUT
The Crew is gonna take game two
2-1 Impact 
Logan, I bet you I can guess everyone's predictions
Sauro
Who is that defender for the Crew?
I'm pissed, I just subbed out LuKaKu for Benteke
They subbed him out for more attack. He's still gonna start, he's young and not used to the speed or physicality yet.
This Everton game
You can't deny that he is a machine right now, I feel the Crew needs a game to figure it oit
2-1 to Boys in blue, Drogba  is to good, but Crew will take game two.
Crew game score predictions for today?
their not there dang it
They would try there luck at a Championship before they came to MLS
Or three 
The MLS defiantly isn't their number two option
Their
Yeah but what manager in there right mind would go to the MLS rather than finish managing in the Barclays 
Shelter is my jam
Already saw them
I was thinking it was Gerrard
Nick, you weren't even close
Oh, okay
I mean I'll drop out so everyone gets a jersey? I'm broke anyway
I'm just stating that not saying don't let him
If Zach wants to do the exchange it would be uneven numbers. 
And the winter soccer golf
So you're the Seattle Sounders, usually top of the table, finish with most points, just no MLS cup
Missed week one, and we were talking about MLS. 
Big words from the bottom of the table 
Petr saves the day...if only Chelsea 
It's a rough life but hey, it's a bad start. It's all about the  finish
I took their picture actually 
No like a will you marry my on a bridge in Columbus 
I just watched a proposal 
You're a bow master not a wizard!
It's LARP bro, you're just mad that you're a sissy wood elf who shoots arrows
I'm the dual axe centaur!
No but they go hard,they were grunting and screaming. I felt I was watching a battle between ancient Nords
I have never seen legit LARP until today, mind it blown.
I almost caught up so I am proud of myself
To much dank
Why does it sound like I'm hearing boos??
A lot of people hate them 
Thanks
What channel is OSU gonna be on
I think he's at grandpas, the whole family was supposed to be going out. I went back to college today 
That punter might get killed
THAT WAS SO...UNBELIEVEABLE
DID ANYONE SEE THAT
Wait, he said absolute fire cracker not wonder.(2010 World Cup, announcers description of a goal)
People, he has been subbing in/starting for awhile. He just came off a great international performance with him even scoring a wonder cracker of a goal.
Yeah, I dont know if he plans to stay at bills long. I know Mel and I aren't
He said we need to watch it somewhere?(are you taking about the soccer game)
I'm not confident
3-1 Mexico
