Flexing those coochie muscles for daddy 
Well dang 
 An abusmal one
That's what she said^^^^^
U want some late night big nick? You gotta pay the late night fee. 
I am proficient in Xcel and pwrpoint if that helps 
What about python 
U ROP M8?
Anyone that has been to the beagle and done an Anne frank bong may be an honorary graduate of onu
Ganja galáctica for me 
What type of food is it 
Wow lol 
https://media3.giphy.com/media/MyLwzg6brpirC/giphy.gif
https://media2.giphy.com/media/xT0BKiaM2VGJ553P9K/giphy.gif
He is letting me down too. Typical 
Do they believe in aliens 
Did they do experiments or was it q&a
That's sweet!!
I can call too, or come over. What ever works for you 
Zach, do you want to come over?
What...
Is it just an argument?
What the heck?
Why?
What?
Depends on the ticket price 
SAADFATHER!!!!
😂😂😂
 Brian, check your snap. I sent you a little gift 
We dominated the first period too
0-0 after 1
Logan are you watching? 
This blue jackets game is crazy 
And definitely could only play on weekends 
I suckkkkkkkkkk
@Brian Hoffman 
Be there or be lame af, phony, hypocrite, fairy princess that wear's their mama's bra
Everyone in this group chat. We hanging Saturday 
Sub lit
Julie and? 
Does it got a stripper pole?
What's the interior look like 
I also need to look at said tutorials because I am not technological savvy. 
Interesting 
How does one back up their mac because like everyone else, my entire life is on mine and if it dies. I'm screwed. External hard drive?
Can you do it in a computer lab or something? 
Don't drink coffee at work. Problem solved

https://media0.giphy.com/media/GhNCif5GnFBYY/giphy.gif
I thought no one else was playing so I stopped awhile ago. Might have to get back on now 
I thought I hit the jackpot with the away game trip this year 
Jk. 70 bucks both ways :/
May 22 is crew vs NE at New England. A round trip train ride from Toledo to NE is 70 bucks 
Logan, when are you moving to Boston? 
Jk. Good job 
Like whore 
Im mature 
I ain't boozin no more 
I got work early in the AM
Wish I would have went 
Meram is always running there I guess 
Live 
They both love in the short north 
But you don't have his jersey 
We just got rocket league on PS4 by the way 
Meram definitely flops, definitely is predictable but he is the only person on this roster that isn't scared to take people one v one 
Everyone shits on meram. But they literally don't know how good he was last year and the start of this season. People get pissed he always takes people one on one and loses it but he is the only one that takes people 1v1. And those same people are the first people to get pissed when we pass it to the wings and just cross it 
but then then are you taking Higuaín out?
YES YES 
He better not overtake meram. I'll be pissed 
Hopefully he starts over Finlay
Yeah... I'm very pleased 
@Logan Patiño 
http://www.bestadsontv.com/files/print/2012/Nov/48661_Nerd%20Alertlow.jpg
Why can't you go :/
It's not a huge deal. Just get it to me as soon as you can. Don't stress over it 
Yeah 
Of June 
17-24
That channel
Brian, do you have a channel called like BSCN or something? That's what channel it is on in Toledo 
My dude with the hatty
https://media1.giphy.com/media/WsKVAem02Efuw/giphy.gif
5 goals!!!
Me encanta
Why couldn't we do this to Mexico at Columbus while I was there 
THAT PASSSS BY PULISIC
The bald eagle!!!
THATS FRICKIN HUGE 
SEBAS!!!!!!
@Brian Hoffman lletget is starting!! 
Huge wcq for the US right now 
I don't want to date Jessica Long. I need my own girl 
Watched her play her last game collegiately. She gave me a hug 
Is she single? 
I submit to you, the most attractive woman of all time 
https://media0.giphy.com/media/2LRNGPWMOGLuM/giphy.gif
Yes?
I could kiss every square inch of her body for every second of the day 
I want her 
I need a girlfriend 
Holllyyy mother of tight asses and flat abs
Sounds like scarlet letter stuff 
Who is that 
What were you doing in NYC
Donnie said you're a fake fan 
Logan, what are you doing tomorrow night? 
I have a huge exam tomorrow. I have never felt so lost in pharmacy school in my life 
I'm rereading it before the show comes out 
Best manga ever invented 
August 25
https://mobile.twitter.com/netflix/status/844558330697859072/video/1
DEATHNOTE IS COMING TO NETFLIX @Logan Patiño 
https://media1.giphy.com/media/14cC8HuoyVMKTC/giphy.gif
https://media0.giphy.com/media/zaFWISw7HSpTG/giphy.gif
@Logan Patiño You going to the crew game? 
This mit meme page is funny!!!
I don't understand any of that 
💃🕺🏻🕺🏼👯👯‍♂️💃👯🍏🍌🍒🍅🍑🍆🍉🍎🍐🍇🍍🥝🍓🍊🍋🍈🌽
https://open.spotify.com/track/5mCPDVBb16L4XQwDdbRUpz
Passion fruit is dangerous. Don't let it get stuck in your head 
I knew there was something fishy about the duke pick 
Julie has the same exact bracket as Mr. Wright.... odd
I'm all in for Ohio schools 
I hope UC wins though 
TBH me too 
If you root for UC, you root for maggie. 
No can do 
Brian, this is the most I've seen you into college basketball 
They won the big ten. They have all the momentum going into the tourney. Easy pick for me 
Maggie calling up da phone twice in 4 days. 
I wish you were serious 
We get chances and we can't score. Pipa literally one on one with the keeper and could easily dribble around him,  it goes for a chip. Meram couldn't find the net with the goalie out either. Frustrating 
I wish the crew would have scored a goal in the run of play 
I hated views at first. But it really grew on me. 
You have bangers. But you have pop drake. But you have African rhythm zagat drake. Some soft drake. Too much 
He is like trying to incorporate all sides of drake. 
22 songs though 
Im halfway through it. Meh 
Spotify!
Who has listened to more life?
Bacteria in fast food ice 
And her project has been done 2.5 million times 
Disgusting performance 
His last 
It should be 
Is kire your gf
Oh. Nah. It wasn't anything crazy 
Why wouldn't we be?
Ada elementary 
For the kids school 
TURN UP FOR DONNIES BIRTHDAY
I would love to
Not rich or brash enough to move to MA
Played 2.5 hours of basketball today right after leg day. I am literally dead 
tONU
tOSU!!!!!
I also would take out  the getting lost in a pile. Don't wanna necessarily assume your president is just spamming your emails or ignoring it. He would not take that lightly most likely  
I always see that would have bot
Someone lurks on Reddit ^^^^^
But that email is good. I would be pissed and sending an email too
That sucks though. I'm sorry :/
Here is the problem. If MC is going bankrupt, which west is not doing well financially, then they have no choice of cutting back your discount. It sucks. But you either go to MC and graduate or they give everyone a discount and you transfer because the school goes under. 
I wouldn't put the "if you don't want to help I understand". I would also thank him for his time and any consideration
Say you have a friend 
Is she a babe and single? 
????
You have a make up channel 
You're still at work?
I really wish I didn't have an exam tomorrow and could watch basketball 
I really hope the mount wins 
Yeah. I mean, once you get hired as a pharmacist it's probably better. But their intern policies are atrocious. I would rather have clinical to challenge me. Gives me the option to teach which I think I would like to do, and you get something new everyday. Will I end up clinical? Who knows. I don't really know what I want to do yet exactly because I see pros in both sides. We will see though 
Exactly. I had an intern meeting with a higher up dude of Meijer that does the interviews and he said if you're planning on doing a residency, don't even waste my time interviewing. I got so heated sitting there. Like how can you be so freaking stupid. What's wrong with evaluating your options and having a back up plan. Especially when they told us they only hired 4 of their 16 interns from the previous year. Like of course when I hear that I'm going to explore other options, you haven't provided me any job security when I've worked for you for 3.5 years now? And you make me get rehired every year within those five years with year long contracts? Who wants to go through that. 
They go residency because they see how understaffed community is. No one wants to work under some of the conditions some of the pharmacists have to work with. And the fact of the matter is there are more community pharmacies than hospitals, so yeah. You're going to have people leave for residency. But then, all the people that don't get matched and need a job, you're not going to hire them? It's disgusting. Meijer has been getting on my nerves. Very inconsiderate considering the landscape has dramatically changed since they've been in school. But the people making these decisions have over inflated egos that are comfortable and don't give two shits about anyone else. All about then. All about them. Decrease patient care. Decrease employee satisfaction all at the expense of a higher profit. Healthcare in America is terrible. Contradictory and greedy corporations that claim transparency but sit behind tinted glass.   
And that would be INCREDIBLE 
Get this. Meijer is being a bunch of dickholes. MAKING ME WORK WHILE ON ROTATIONS. Basically, if I want a job at meijer, I'm not traveling anywhere. 
One of those places is not participating in march madness, if that makes the decision any easier 
Did you decide between Pitt and Arizona
Only down by seven now? I just got an espn update they were down by 14 with like 8 to play 
This is what I get for not watching basketball. Minnesota sucks. Si pierde eso es un dulce dieciséis equipo que perdía 😩  
Because feminism 
I just changed it. Julie can add her second 
I think. I'll look at it tomorrow after my exam 
I can change it 
When I saw your team name, I knew what you did but I thought you actually had some decency 
@Logan Patiño What are you doing 
Condo is rented and is $134 a person. Get me the cheddar as soon as you can 
We are booked for myrtle beach boys 
Zach, I could Evan Baker you this weekend if you want? I'll be the one to take one for the team 
Because he actually is a rapper. But you're playing it off as a pun as if it weren't his name
Big Pun is the ultimate rapper pun 
Nope. I'm not sure
St. John's ain't even in it fool 
I have also watched 0 college basketball this year besides osu sooooooo open field this year boys 
Password is 2 Chainzzz
I'll play 
Woooooo
The pass was terrible 
What a start 
Awesome 
Sorry bout it 
Didn't know you liked hawkey
With z-swag right now 
No biggie! 
WASNT FAKE WHEN I HAD ALL WEEK TO HANG OUT 
I won't be free :/
In and out in thirty minutes 
Yeah. We had a lobbying meeting in Columbus and we just got the melt real quick after 
I was at the melt with nick and joe 
@Logan Patiño 
@Niel Skalican FCC extending into northern Ohio
Z swag?
So I'm thinking same place as always. I can't find a bigger but actual decently sized place 
Well we only have five people 
Still need to decide on a player 
Got my yellow kit pre ordered cuz I'm a season ticket holder 
Between Alex Stec and Will Trapp's nips in the kit. I don't know how I'm going to make it through class

@Craig Casto Ever hear of Michael Dublé? French/American comedian in in the early 2010's. His form of humor was largely based on a double delivery or a "win win joke". To explain it to you. Julie had Logans phone. I provided the joke insult knowing that either she would be the direct recipient of the joke or that logan actually had his whole phone the whole time and in that case, it would burn logan. The making it a win win or a double "duble" burn 
I thought logan was acting a little gay today 
Well Pitt is ass at college basketball so don't go there 
Guest
So if you want to die in your sleep because of a scorpion sting. Be my guess
But they have scorpions 
I would say Pitt. Only because it's Midwest. If you get homesick or anything you rally can't come home. Unless you have family or friends down there. Also, there pharmacy building is kinda like hogwarts. You are a steelers fan. You're downtown. 


But Arizona has a better college basketball program so I would consider that too
Whatever he goes by 
Or abubakar 
Craig you have to get lalas
Or just get big nick on the back 
Or Kamara
Or Naess
Raitala
Crognale
Im thinking Meram? 
Black is exact same as last year 
Who do I get on this jersey is the only problem 
I can't wait to get one 
I know. They just like copied and pasted the sponsor. But I'm a fan. 
Well that wasn't supposed to be for your eyes 
It's getting in between the keys of my MacBook 
I'm splooging everywhere 
Buying a new yellow one ASAP 
Sexy
New crew kit leaked on Reddit
Nope
It's going to be too warm in my opinion so I'll pussy pass
I never pass on pussy
Ehhh
March fourth is my first day of break. Why
I don't want to go if it's warm
Isn't it supposed to be 50s this weekend?
My pharmacology professor is the biggest cavs fan ever. Bought a $600 cavs replica championship trophy 
Cleveland, this is for you!!!!!!
And then one transferred back to his old club. Beloved one moment, trashed on the next. I hope the second stint does well for the confidence and future well being of the player. He deserves it 
Back when we all were on the same team ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Not all of them 
I guess him and the GM didn't get along 
@Niel Skalican John Harkes got sacked....
Logan, Brommapojkarna plays tomorrow!!!!
I'm in 
25
How warm will it be? 
I do not know. I doubt it, since everyone likes it. 
Blart, who is the fairest of all fantasy teams 
They're going to be yellow 
It's like at some brew house in Columbus. It's during the week so I can't go but that's when they are unveiling the jersey 
You meet the team and you'll get to see the jersey 
Craig, did you rsvp to that one crew party? 
Somewhat*
Why does that someone resemble my face 
I kid 
And a tiny peniz 
I didn't write those names and place the paper in his book bag or anything 
They aren't names I created, but I enlightened the group on all of Craig's boxing names I found on that piece of paper 
The gaf head was gold
Sam Ñ was Zach. I wish I could take credit for that 
So basically only names made up for myself 
FLOOR SEATS FOR CHANCE😭😭😭😭 blessings
 Tickets go on sale at 7pm. Someone go with me 
May 16th. Who is going to the chance concert with me 
It might be concealed in a package you wouldn't think it is in, to catch yku completely off guard. That's all I'm saying. I must go now. Let me know how it goes and act very surprised tomorrow 👍🏽 you didn't hear anything from me 
Just trying to get you mentally prepared 
🤐
@Logan Patiño I hope you like bondage 😳
😍
I would like that! 
 I heard them women are nice up there. Maybe that is why 
https://media4.giphy.com/media/5WmyaeDDlmb1m/giphy.gif
Blart. Will I ever have a girlfriend that truly loves me for who I am, inside and out. 
What's that again, blart?
Big blart, hit me 
Fantasy bot. Tell me the fantasy champion's score, my liege.
It's not out of the realm of possibility 
I'm guessing Niel is out now 
Well the hotel would be anywhere from $100-170 a person I would imagine. The date is June 17th-24th
We need to get a hotel in the next month and I want to get a cost
@Zach Spangler Can you %100 commit to myrtle beach?
Donnie is in for myrtle beach 😎
Make sure you truly love it because there is no going back 
I wouldn't get anything inside the state though. I love the outline of Ohio though. Just remember when you're 70 and it's starting to look like an amoeba 
I would get inside bicep or ribs below the armpit kind of 
I love the outline of Ohio idea 
I would get it where no one would see it normally if I got one 
No for calf or tri
That's what the picture was supposed to be 
Oh. That was a wrongly copied picture 
I know you're envious of me. It's called insider tips 
Just trying to help you become funny 
I FLIPPING KNEW IT. SCREW GARBER, LA/NY/SEATTLE/TORONTO
http://cdn.playbuzz.com/cdn/8be373d8-f069-488b-8fe6-f7c404c6584a/e854fb1c-26e9-4aa4-bbc2-8746c6e931fa.gif
@Craig Casto , are you taking notes? This genre of humor is dubbed "spontaneous unexpected". Made prominent by Peter Cerroli in his early comedy routines in the 1990s. It is a class of humor where the deliverer comes out of "left field", per say, with something completely spontaneous and unexpected, giving it the genre name of course. It is an important weapon in any man's arsenal who wishes to be perceived as "funny" by his peers 
Woops.... wrong chat 
Hey fans, here is the daily shirtless pic of Nick after running. Hope you like it. Thank you for your support and I love you all! 
Go now 
R/stranger things 
THAT STRANGER THINGS PREVIEW 
As of Friday... but it's a limited run and only made in cincy/Kentucky 
@Zach Spangler I need a YUUUUGE favor. Can you get your hands on some of that Graeter's beer for me 😁
Is this goodbye. I don't know
It's sad 
Well I don't know when I'll ever see him again 
Extremely jealous, envious, happy, ecstatic, proud of you. Privilege to have known you. I tell all my friends about you 
Best friends I guess 
@Logan Patiño Pablo is going to osu Saturday night with his friends. We can't go due to school function but he wanted me to tell you if you are free and want to go out, that he would like you to come lol 
https://media4.giphy.com/media/r5XyAEwYjjrPy/giphy.gif
"Niel, we can get back together only if you promise me you'll never talk to your lousy friends from high school ever again." 
Me doing c++
https://media2.giphy.com/media/QHE5gWI0QjqF2/giphy.gif
Syntha 6
Sigma 6
Cs9
Same
For anyone want to do fantasy MLS? Brian, I know you're in favor of just doing one or the other 
This weeks med Chem was over GI
I just had your lecture last week
You don't care to know ssris came from antihistamines?
Welp. I would ask to see his credentials 
As he wears Nike version tiro's 
Non soccer player but claims "soccer is gay"
Carilho 90
Yoink
Probably why he can't respond 
https://media4.giphy.com/media/WJK2SABYwvEvm/giphy.gif
Logan, on march fourth you wanna go to the crew opener with the roommates and I and then maybe go out to the bahrs.
Will do
It was. Everyone wants to throw another one 
That wasn't happening but yeah!
True that 
I want to be big nick on campus
I want to be living my life to its fullest potential 
I want to be in a healthy committed relationship 
I want to be graduated and debt free with a happy job 
I want to be r
Same
You getting any of dat birthday cooch?
¡FELIZ CUMPLIRAÑOS, Mejor! Tiene un gran día. Te amamos ♥♥♥
@Logan Patiño I will never not think about high school and listening before soccer games anytime a Good Friday song comes on. Especially the actual Good Friday song itself. 
Whatever works for you. It's pretty easy to get EX monsters. I have 5 now 
Logan, when you beat people online you get a booster box 
Well dang
Casssh me ousside. How bouw dat?
It's not exactly heroclix 
I wish you could trade pieces :/
I have the Pokémon heroclix game!
They're changing the star color above the crest for our mls cup to black
Columbus Ghanaians 
Craig did you order that lampard one?
Anyone else have their jersey come in yet?
Can't have we without u and i
RIP my Spanish princess 
I love you, McCoy. Unconditionally 
We can kill craig with this. Smash it up in a mortar and slip it into his morning earl grey
All about 8 minute each 
And Elizabeth warren 
A video with al franken
There should be a video with Bernie
Just look up DeVos education meeting 
I cannot believe she is holding that position. Like that has been one of the few times in my life I have literally been left speechless 
Oh my lord...
Did anyone see the highlights or watch the Betsy Devos educational hearing 
You did 
Who laughed and thought it was a dumb gift 
I did 
Who got you that 
I just didn't know what to buy because we can get a pretty decent place for 135-160 each. But I don't want to have everyone pay more if someone drops out 
 $104
What is everyone's price limit for the hotel 
Well of you just think that in 12 days it will be my birthday, life will be better for that second in time 
Yep. Bought the book the other day 
I halfway through the picture of Dorian grey and it's soooo good 
Sweet. I'm excited 
We are talking about layers of fear or whatever right? 
I want to play it still 
Don't tell me 
Namaste 👌
Makes sense. I support you regardless. I just wanted to make sure everything was okay 
That's what I was worried about. Being friends is fine but it's tough man. It really is. I can speak from experience and especially with things happening so soon. I just wanted to make sure you were alright and ready for that 
@Niel Skalican what's happening on the Lexi front? Friends on Facebook? Are you ready for that? Just want you to be okay, man :/
What do you expect with a crap squad. Two of your top three players injured. Don't even let him get to transfer window. 85 days. Bologna 
Blame bob Bradley for their shit squad and results. All of their fans are happy he is sacked and they finally get their guy and then a 4-nil ass kicking. I love it. 
I love Swansea getting smacked 
Well he probably won't be starting and will end up in USL so we will see 
Craig is getting that new abubakar jersey 
Even better. You're going to get laid 
Hot dog or leg
I will be in ada tomorrow morning :/
But he also has like the foot grips and rail and everything. He isn't skimming naked. He isn't natural like us 
Going straight out into the surf 
He is doing pop shovs off the wave 
This skimboarder rn is crazy. He is doing 360 pop shovs like it's nothing 
If there is a will, there is a way
All home 
Yep 
If anyone wants a crew ticket for those games let me know. I can't drive down for that 😒
Toronto, Seattle, and the galaxy are Wednesday???? Who's genius idea was that...
Or rebuy from ali
I would get a refund from the seller and buy a new one from classicfootballshirts.uk
@Zach Spangler @Brian Hoffman 
Only pc guys will understand. Sorry logan 
When you need a break from league/ark to go get more Red Bull and snacks. 
Crew schedule is out 
You won't have any weekends off?
They come out today 
Or was it 6
Was Toronto 8 hours? 
It's an 8.5 hour drive 
same. Mercedes benz stadium is going to me nice. 
That takes care of overnight stay too
I'd be down to do that 
All the trips above are the same distance driving wise to Toronto. Flying would be tough to work out but it's definitely doable. Of we fly we might as well go out west if we are spending that kinda money to fly 
Cheap red eye flights would be a possibility 
What would you wanna do then. Fly?
Chicago, NE, Philly, Atlanta, NY would be drivable 
I do plan on going to an away game
This summer but I don't think we can get out to Seattle on time 
Well
https://media3.giphy.com/media/ApmVMk6n1hxug/giphy.gif
Exactly. Like we know the worst case scenario and that's not to say it will happen. But I'm just being up front. It's not worth it. It's easier to set some sort of tone and not go overboard than to brush it off 
You're not saying you don't trust her but you're looking out for your relationship too  
Getting cheated on sucks 
I'd lay down the law 
That is sketch 
My relationship experience takes me out of the convo so i would listen to Niel more 
But she should understand that you care a lot about her and it's more about you not trusting him than you  or trusting her 
I don't thinks she is trying to make you jealous 
He has tried before and the fact you're on the other side of the country. That's nothing to mess with 
I would be super up front and serious about that 
Then just give them bactrim 
That is a fraction of pharmacy school 
You guys are getting the picture 
Sinus infection? Bactrim
Flu? Bactrim
Steep throat? Bactrim
Bactrim cures all
Proabably because there are a lot of microbials
Top one is ugly 
4-10
I have spring break the first week of march 
No. that just means those were the best players that year of the jersey 
https://media3.giphy.com/media/IJLVLpZQuS4z6/giphy.gif
Don't know how you could miss it
Any jersey 
The whole store 
20% off classicfootballshirts.uk
Can you talk to Emily's friend for me 
Pay off everyone's debt for sure 
 Yep! Whenever is fine 
You are bae
I need a yuuuuuuuge favor from someone at the Patiño house. Can one of you drop my glasses off at meijer today  😩 I left them there 
On my way 
I'll be over around 8 or 8:30
Mind bottling *
Craig if you want to hang out tonight, you can come over 
I can do tomorrow 
I'm down for either 
Love and Irving are hurt and LeBron is sick 
That suck Brain no Kevin Love, Kyrie Irving or LeBron James tonight 
I work at gen on Friday too
I'm game 
I leave Friday for Florida 
Or can at least drop of my jersey for the exchange since it belongs to one of you three and I want you to open it before I leave 
One more hangout?
It's a great movie and it's only Five dollars 
You guys should go tomorrow 
It's a great movie. Better than seven 
I would've went but I'm going to the blue jackets game 
I can't :/ But you guys go! I've already seen it 
Saw it live boi
He is at my grandparents. Jk 
We see our family every weekend but we are all together once in blue moon
Maybe he is at my grandpas. All he said was Im going to chill here
Craig is staying at home.... alone
Bout to leave, get dinner and head over 
At least my blood sugar is through the roof 
Work is so dead
Whenever you get over her 
Chat shit get banged 
AFK noobs
https://media3.giphy.com/media/UoOvkOFbixC1O/giphy.gif
Is it on fifa17
I'm bout to leave 
We want answers 
When is the FIFA tournament too 
Lil C's!?
Got off work early. We hanging tonight for sure? 
But I do work tomorrow at 11 so we would have to start pretty early 
Either tomorrow morning or morning of the first. I don't care 
Sounds good to me 
Don't forget to wear a jersey 
What time tomorrow 
Get a few nutmegs for me 
I have work at 8am or else I would be there :( next time 
I work until 8 but I can hang out after
I have no idea. I didn't mind. We were dead and it was within the last hour of my shift. She was absolutely clueless how to work the thing though. Didn't know how to sign into her bank account. It was a doozy
Yep lol so I could help her with her laptop and bank account 
My guy. 
https://v.groupme.com/17077713/2016-12-28T00:48:02Z/7831e1a1.568x320r90.mp4
Zach!!!!! Please come this year 
Like I know you were in my house but I don't remember taking to you until the bar 
Bear paw slippers 
By the way, sorry for hanging you out to dry the night after my party. I was in a bad place. I don't even think we hung out after playing baseball, so I hope you enjoyed your time in Ada
They're too nice, man. I'm the same way 
Logan, I got new slippers so you can have my old ones back 
Work don't stop me 
I work most days but I will still hang out whenever 
Are we going to hang out at all over break 
Are we doing a FIFA tournament over break 
So morning is good for me 
My kit is here. I have work on New Year's Eve at 11
We aren't opening presents until late tonight or tomorrow!
Hella cop cars 
 At work and an rv meth lab just got busted right outsides the pharmacy 
Simple stuff people 
Or PPI, H2 antagonist? 
Why were tums never recommended lol 
January 16
Ooooo. Well that's MIT for ya 
Hour 
But they only take an hours
Two 
I'm done. Three hour finals should outlawed by Geneva convention the
Probably not. When I spent a day in oncology it kinda pushed me away. But we will see come rotations 
Work all weekend 
Tomorrow am
Hardest exam I got is at 9 
JERSEY
What does that even mean 
Wat
I do know that 
I'm not texting back to find out 
Like is it a term of endearment or what 
It's just weird to use honey in a non relationship manner if you're not 20 years older than the person saying it to
I don't understand 
CAN YOU BE ANY MORE CONFUSING
Thick sliced garlic bread came before thick sliced toast 
That originated from thick sliced garlic bread 
Specific garlic kind used to be all there was 
The plain thick bread came after the thick  read with garlic/butter/cheese
I'm right 
But it's not regular bread either 
Then some d bag wants to make French toast with Texas toast but doesn't want garlic on it, so he scrapes it all off and still calls the garlic less cheese bread "Texas toast" becasue it's a "bigger slice" and everything is bigger in Texas 
They originally made the bread thicker for Texas toast solemnly becasue butter and cheese was too heavy for the standard piece of bread, thus thickening it 
Garlic bread knows as Texas toast came before regular bread of the same side 
Note ingredients 
"Texas toast"

And the internet 
most companies have a history on their corporation if you go to their website 
It used to be solely garlic bread and then some bloke decides maybe we should use this size bread for something else, minus the garlic and cheese and he still kept the name 
Because it evolved from what original Texas toast was 
Are you stupid too? 
How am I wrong? 
Yep. Just Texas toast 
If I asked if you would like some Texas toast, what would that entail? What you expect to be getting 
my jersey for the exchange is in Chicago :) 
Mine was heavily not in favor of the use of risperidone as an antidepressant 
It was like a drug question and we had to search treatment guidelines and primary literature to validate or disprove the statement 
But I did get a 94 on my drug information paper on the therapeutic use of risperidone as an anti depressant. 
One down and two to go 
Seattle clap yeahhhhhhhh
Yeah yeah yeah 
Oh my god tifo war yeahhhhh
Seattle yeah yeah 
MLS 2.0 oh yeah 
Somewhere don garber is jerking himself off to that pk
I hate MLS
What a lame final 
I hate it 
Time wasting 
Does she sport at all?
You watching with trachea?

We were kidding lol
OH MY GOSH
So boring 
Me
There will be like 20 people for Nathan's party. The bar should be packed i would imagine 
The whole group would love for you to come up. I just don't want to disappoint you :(
I won't stop you lol. But it will be nothing like osu 
And you don't want to come to Ada lol
I'll talk to Nathan tomorrow and see what's actually going on 
If we even come down 😑 Nathan is wanting to stay up here now because everyone is throwing him a "going away banger"
ARE YOU HAPPY WATSON, ARE YOU?
YOU WIN 
It sounded better in my head I guess. I don't know. I'm spending my Friday night alone listening to Marvin's room. So there
I have good back muscles 
How's she know that's what the ladies call me at onu? 
What if Watson kills you in artificial intelligent greed 
Honestly. Peak existence moment 
I can't believe I was Kirsten Canini's prom date 
What is bendtner?
Craig, you can also come back if you can establish you know grammar better than the man getting a doctorate while placing top of his class.
Well, I don't know about that
He is trying and had the right idea. I applaud him for thinking of it. You will be funny one day craig 
Beat you to the punchline, craig. You try a recycle my jokes to be funny?
Why are you at the Lincoln memorial?
There might have been a few on espn3?
I don't think any usl games were on cable 
I don't think any usl games were on espn cable 
USL games on espn3?? That's huge
FCC vs lou city on espn 2 next year!??
I'm not home so I don't know if I got mine or not yet 
AFK rn
Prolonging those inactive sodium channels to prevent hyperstimulation of cns neurons, thus preventing seizures. In simple talk 
Risperdal/adderal is okay. Everything else I have no idea what it is 
Trazodone is a normal dose 
Singular is 100% safe 
@Craig Casto Have you ever made someone laugh out loud during a presentation via a text message? Takes a special skill set of humor to do 
Plastered my ballsack onto his cheek
Name calling is unnecessary? 
How many does tortuga have?
Two exams and three finals to go for me 
Just sometime before mid January probably 
Z A C H ?
M C C O Y?

Brian are you for sure out?
@Niel Skalican Are you in for myrtle beach this year 
June 16-24
Yep 
Didn't do the other website?
Fuq wit me
TMI bro
Craig is with tyreke rn
Both options sound good 
Sounds good 
 Brian, you can pick that day 
I don't care what day either 
Tell nick to frig off and that you have other priorities 
If we wanted all of us. We would have to do after Christmas. Like 26 or the following weekend or something 
Logan won't get back until the evening of the 23rd
So you guys can make it whenever 
Craig and I leave the 23rd
Well that's good at least! 
😭😭😭
Why :(
600 pidgey/rattata/weedles later
I GOT FRIGGIN DITTO
Wow
So he is missing a cusp on his aortic valve 
What's the diagnosis exactly? 
Wow
Puro, puro chantanje. Siempre es a tu manera. Yo te quiero aunque no quiera 🎶🎶🎶💃💃💃
16 for me 
When does everyone get back 
I know I do 
And all of them are real jerseys too
Some are new, some are used but you can look at the condition of the jersey 
It looks cool though 😈
Whoever got me as a jersey. Prepare for the most random club ever 
They may not be this year but there are a lot of teams. You can get retro jerseys and even last years jerseys for 20 bucks 
Classicfootballshirts.co.uk has thousands of jerseys 
For those that haven't bought a jersey 
I just made suppositories for 3 hours. What's happening 
You mean taran
What are you doing up here?
Anyone wanna hang out 
You should of yelled at the security guard, "did you just assume my gender!?"
Did they escort you out? That really is douchey
So they didn't even let you use the bathroom either? 
Was security there the whole time or did they just show up once you got out? That really is unfortunate :( 
What did you do once you were thrown out 
Damn. 
Were there no other bathrooms by you? I've definitely been at that point. I just paid the guy in front five bucks to go in. Everyone hated me but I was relieved and didn't pee my pants 
I would've found a bottle and found a corner in a secluded area. That's ridiculous 
Why didn't the other guy get busted 
Were there any women in the restroom?
Wait.... are you serious 
What....
@Logan Patiño R u alive 
I'll be there at 7. Got off work early. But I have to leave still to get Nathan up to onu 
I work at 9am but I'm still down to hang 
Who will still be up 
Who will still be up 
I can be there at like 2am?
Skee skee
Needs to get back up to school tonight 
Well Nathan is being a diva 
I won't be able to make it :( 
Are we all still hanging out tomorrow? I work until 9 and then I have to pick Nathan up from the airport so I won't be there until 10ish. And logan, when do you leave for the osu game in the morning? Pretty early to get a parking spot I would imagine? 
A lot of them are getting busted 
Same. He is loving it there though. My baby was so shy the first few weeks in the states and  is he is taking on  NYC 
Nathan's snap in NYC today
Players at Bayern hated him. I'm sure  now that he is gone, players can say their feelings 
I was cool with keeping him as a technical director. But he is one terrible coach
Bad call ups 
New formation against your biggest rival. Subs in the Costa Rica game were stupid. Bad lineups 
He deserves to go a long time ago 
Embarrassed in the hex 
Lost to Guatemala 
Confed cup qualifier loss 
Gold cup loss
Bruce arena in

Kinsmann is gone!!!!!!!!
She is bae 
Wait until he shows you his model gf back home 
 Nathan and I  are going to mac on ladies. You guys are lame af
We don't have a PS4 ya dingbat
He likes regular. But I'll bring the sweet chili 
He loves FIFA, women, Doritos, and Malibu and coke
FIFA yes. Hot tubbing yes
Don't know about ping pong 
The foreigner 
Nathan Sars
Dutch Nathan 
Can Nathan come
You have to finish an inverted polynomial before you're allowed to pick up the controlled and play. First one done gets an advantage. That's what I would do 
He is in NYC right now 
I just have to see what he wants to do. I know he wants to go to osu to party and I have to work so I can't do that, so we will see what he does 
He loves FIFA
He can! Logan already has met him! 
Actually. I'm picking up a foreign exchange student from the airport and he is chilling with me all weekend :/
I work everyday except thanksgiving. It doesn't matter to me which day 
Do I really? Didn't you put it in your bag? I haven't cleaned out my trunk so if you left it, it will still be in there 
I've never been this furious at a soccer result in my life 
 Not Ingram 
He is literal scum 
Now you guys want to fire klinsy. Right
Great study music. All his songs on u and us are super good 
Listen to gnash. He is pretty stinking good 
Jersey size. Who you have bought for. Who's gotten you a jersey. Jerseys or players you absolutely don't want 
Julebob square pants 
You're welcome 
Jersey exchange. Don't forget it 
So is FC Dallas
There is so many interesting facets with this appointment. Although very scary 
@Niel Skalican Is the USSR coming back? If NATO dissolves and we become diplomatic with Russia, and Russia already evading Ukraine... what stops them from pushing forward. Especially with a ex KGB/commie Putin 
Well they have that in place in case uneducated voters mass vote someone they shouldn't. They meant well in the constitution. 

If the mass vote went to Trump and Hillary won the EC, the post would have been made by trump supporters and democrats would say this is why the rule is in the constitution. I think it's the constitution at least 
I see. Awesome. Thank you 
That's what I'm saying?  So it's not a gender thing. Hillary won the populous cities. Trump won the rural communities he promised jobs 
I just don't want to have that view if there actually is truth behind it. I'm trying to educate myself before I get labeled misogynistic and racist 
I'm not the best political person so I'm looking for an explanation because I don't know the answer. A lot of headlines are saying men ruined the election and we failed women. And I understand why based on the elected resident. But why are so many media outlets blaming white men? I'm not saying misogyny isn't real because it is. But the stats I've looked at show that the same amount of women voted republican as in recent presidential elections. I don't understand if the exit polls don't tell the big picture or if we are at fault. 
I'm equally scared don't get me wrong.  But I would be scared if Hillary was elected too. Just have to see what he's got now. And do research for the next election.
Should have been quotation marks starting at solely and ending at country. Those are not my views lol 
Eh. Republicans thought the world was going to end even a black president was elected solely do to skin color and not ability to manage a country. Trump will either be top 5 president in the history of the US or he will be impeached lol. No in between 
Money is everything 
Hopefully this changes our current political party system/ political system in general. I would have never guessed someone who had to cheat and illegally pave her way to get to her nomination, and someone has no political background would headline the ticket. It's crazy 
It will be an interesting four years 
I mean, it would be dangerous if democrats occupied all three as well. If there is no political party opposition, there isn't much coming from least represented side and they are going to have trouble implementing/fighting anything 
Is there going to be any political party opposition. HoR republican. President Republican. Senate republican. 
I start the 21
Are you out of town over the weekend? 
😂😂
We all tryna chill den?
And have nothing to live for now 
I'm crushed 
Are you not coming home :( 
What is everyone's thanksgiving break?
We are all friends again!!!
That fuzzy halo around the middle star is the nebula and to the right is like a finger and that's a more denser gas cloud. Stars are being born in that picture 😍😍😍😍
We are so dang small. 
Orion's nebula through my iPhone. Picture doesn't do it justice. In the telescope there was so much blue and green. It was beautiful 
Yep 
Or persuaded you one way or another 
The lowest ticket is 85.67 if that consoles you at all 
It's all good. Just letting you know that the option is there 
I can possibly sneak you into my section 
In 117
The faster the better 
I have the opportunity to possibly buy a USA Mexico ticket for 90 bucks does anyone want it
Look at my team. The value of my team this year was crazy 
My team was a juggernaut 
https://media4.giphy.com/media/hXqZN82Ie1fRm/giphy.gif
I got one like a month ago 
Poonslaywr...... you told me to get a snap 
https://v.groupme.com/17077713/2016-10-23T03:59:33Z/836d68a.568x320r90.mp4
Don't judge me
Sheeeet
Bong
Anne frank bing 
Check my
Snap
Story 
My dude!!!!!!!!!
That's  not me. I swear 
I'm sorry for my beer bong on my snap story 
Same

Town
She from the chi told 
Needs five shots of tequila just to get buzzed 
Get black out drunk every weekend 
She  bad. No doubt about it 
Funny you say that because that equation is a first order elimination rate equation for one compartment models so technically the baddddd could be eliminated given the right k, and t values 
She called me and was like please come over. I need to see you and I said I was with the boys making pizza and I'm about to go to bed and then she was like well I can just come over there and I stood her up again and then it was awkward. Like she was trying laugh it off. I'm sure she rarely has guys turn her away. This girl is cute don't get me wrong. But she is like baddddddd•e^(-k x t) . I can't do that 
But it was so awkward.
That's not true man lol
I can't do that 
I told her no  and she is definitely upset but there isn't anything I can do😑
I have this babe trying to literally sleep with me. Help me 
You're welcome 
And add a pestle
Make a mortar out of the pumpkin 
Or this 
Make the bottom brown spot on the pumpkin a butthole and carve a cat 
Roll tribe 
He transferred this year 
Cavs in 6
We are at this b dubs on the way home from cedar point two years ago
Call me grandpa nugget 
40+
40*
That's what I'm saying. If those countries can't hold it with the current format, how is increasing it going to help 
How many stadiums do they have that's 100,000 plus seating 
They had to last time? 
Japan and Korea would have to share 
How is any South American nation supposed to do that 
How is Argentina any better than Brazil 
Okay. How many countries can hold the tournament then 
Housing wasn't even finished for majority of Olympic village 
Athletes were stuck in elevators 
The basketball team was on a cruise ship...
There are problems with majority of nations not having the infrastructure to host tournaments now, increasing the number two fold will only make it worse 
Host nations are going to have even more stress with more stadiums, lodging, policing, etc 
Make the rich richer. Take advantage of struggling economies 
This is just a ploy for money 
You had plenty of upsets and underdogs with the normal number 
CRC was an underdog 
Soccer
I agree with that, but that emphasizes qualification and always playing your best docent
You're not making it any more likely for bottom feeders to get it 
If you expand the tournament. Those teams for sure get in and you have really changed much 
Netherlands, Sweden, Portugal switch off making the World Cup. And that's always the story line 
That's what it is 
They're meaningless though. It only matters for like two teams in Europe 
Yes let a nation get beat by 16 plus goals over three games 
I don't want to watch Germany vs Gibraltar 
As they shouldn't 
Don't even start with that 
Gianni just wants to be famous and FIFA wants more money 
Look at the women's World Cup this year 
Qualification but that makes the qualification way less important and stressful 
You're going to dilute the tournament 
That is what makes the hex and what not so special 
Why have qualification then 
Hard pass
Top bins 
 Big goal for FCC!
I ain't no Picasso 
Asher Roth took my sign on stage and then signed it and asked me to stay for a meet and greet
Any word on the cavs game 
After giving me one ticket 
Are those all Michigan tickets 
Asher Roth sucks 
Asher Roth concert at onu tonight 🤘
Just sent it 
I need an email to email you the list 
Absolutely. If I know what I'm taking about, I have no problem speaking in front of people 
The whole class has PDF of their topics and presentation dates 
Brian I can email you a whole list of topics 
Killed it 
Here goes nothing 
Seminar in RE 100 at noon. If you want to hear a presentation on the clinical use of opioids as antidepressants, come sit in. 15 minutes of fun learning
That's even if you are feeling discouraged or overwhelmed. You could have easily found cooler, better, smarter friends and in that case. Carry on 
@poonslayer I know you're probably stressed and incredibly busy, since I haven't heard from you lately. Just wanted to say you're an incredible person and you were meant for MIT. You're still the smartest guy I know and easiest of things were once difficult at one point in time. Don't get discouraged! 
Do or die for the crew 
He tried to say he has more composure than Hilary lol
She really was biting the bullet there. She has no room to talk about that and I would have thought she would have known that she can't bring up morality issues and secrecy and cover up in his tax return because she has the email scandal against her 
He simply just didn't know how to debate 
Exactly. All he could do was attack her personally it seemed like. He really lost me on a lot of his debate. Was pertaining to the question. His lack of political background really showed through 
She was really struggling towards the beginning. 
I didn't know why he was talking about half the stuff he was. Went off on tangents. At first I thought he was going to roast Hillary. The first thirty minutes I thought he was grilling her, but he started free falling from there 
Trump lost big time 
Never mind. On YouTube 
CNN isn't affiliated with timewarner 
Anyone have a cable log in for direct tv so I can watch the debate 
Kei is throwing a fit on twitter 
I did cheapest and I applied for four 
Have Julie do it at her home address and her campus address if she wants 
I'm applying, Craig is applying, mel is applying all for us 
100 bucks a ticket it is. Apply now if you want to go!!!!!!!
http://www.ussoccer.com/usa-v-mexico-ticket-request-form#
I'm just saying. D.C. is the team we have to catch. And if we beat them next week, we are two points behind with a game in hand, with two games against the team last place in the eastern conference 
And we play D.C. next, a win putting us within two. Then we get Chicago back to back. We have a chance 
We are only five points out 
This would be the time we start putting wins together 
The good ol days. I miss you guys 
Look at all that muscle 
He is still big on views. That's where his top two come from 
And my one roommate doesn't even think it's the best on take care...
Not coming from a depressing standpoint. But lyrically, emotionally, the coldness. It is beautifully crafted 
Marvin's room is THE best drake song ever. Right? 
Absolutely not 
No way 
Who gets the supporters shield? Stay tuned to find out 
Columbus won't hold this forever. As much as I hate to say it, Seattle or someone will take it 😔
I would pay just about every bit up to 100 bucks to see this 
But there are no resale tickets and if we all apply, our odds are increased :) 
I have no idea. Guatemala were 35 or 45. I'd assume the same 
Well then. It's huge here. How many people here are entering the USA/mex ticket raffle 
Is the carilho90 style big on anyone else's campus 
The birthday boy himself 
I just want college basketball 
I can't say I was rooting for UC but I wasn't rooting for Houston either 
Really unfortunate to go back to back INTs
Ohio state is beating UC and they aren't even on the schedule this year 
PAYETS RABONNA CROSS
Te amo, hermanito
I can see pros and cons to that. I would not be happy about it either, but I'm sure it will work out the way it's supposed to 💙
My apologies 😢
What!? 
Jk 
Lauren is rubbing off on you. IM NOT AN IDIOT 
Is Logan the only one here that knows who Keisuke Honda is? 
That's freaking awesome 
I guess we gave up two 45 yard free kicks 
Niel I'm surprised you haven't brought up Hamilton smacking BC last night and being the league title favorites 
That's crazy 
What do you have to say for yourself 
@Niel Skalican http://m.newsrecord.org/news/students-raise-serious-questions-about-sg-s-summer-retreat/article_c3bc65a8-7564-11e6-a682-87b4b45a5d54.html?mode=jqm
Gracias, hermano
Cuanto dinero es lo que quiere por la camiseta?
@Logan Patiño When does your dad leave for Colombia?
What's his name? 
Today is Kirsten Canini's birthday. The great one that got away. Happy birthday 💙💙
No one talks about it though and then Bedoya brings it up 
Well it is a pretty nasty thing to do. 
For real. And then wynalda tweets at ussoccer to tattle on him lol 
Wynalda is an idiot but Bedoya stepped way way way out of line 
IM GETTING A PULISIC JERSEY
The friend group loves 
People are alive 
Glad to know you're doing okay 
And klinsy is lookin like a fool waiting this long to call in sacha klejstan
Pulisic is the real deal boys 
https://media1.giphy.com/media/xT1XGT9ersCCKjhVny/giphy.gif
How is girlfriend quest 2016
@Logan Patiño Are my slippers at your house 
At least one is going to be made every day 
Look at his story 
Add him 
Donnie0317
No. We started snaptember
As in we, me and my roommates
Our whole class is talking about us 
Guys.. We are famous at onu 
I'm in class right now and here is a fun fact for you. Bayer (makers of aspirin) were looking for an analgesic to replace morphine because it was so addictive. They came up with two drugs, aspirin and heroin. They though aspirin was dangerous for the heart, so for 15 years, they marketed heroin as the top analgesic for teething babies, everyday pain etc. then people started dying and became more addicted to heroin then morphine. Bayer then switched to aspirin 
How is MIT?
It's a pretty weak position 
Who is selling you information 
Jack Wilshere to Bournemouth 
Stranger things 2 in 2017 if anyone is still here 
⚫️▪️⬛️◾️◼️♠️♣️👁‍🗨
Why 
Is that you lol 
Winner for the ugliest kit 
Brian with the big fantasy win over Craig 
So I was stung by a pretty large bee
My team this week
https://media1.giphy.com/media/Y2iVWPK9gMD8k/giphy.gif
Guys. Do I use my wildcard :(
Because he's English? 
He didn't have the way euros either. You could say he is a pit overrated 
Revived sterling's career. And I would trust anything Pep does, so if hart is benched, it's for a reason 
Pep is the best coach of our generation 
They were absolutely domination west ham the first half. I think theyve just took the door off the gas a bit 
No villians besides money 
They actually play decent soccer 
Why 
I'm so jealous 😩😩😩
I gots 78
I literally just used a lucky egg and got to 22
Same 
That's awesome! What level are you 
The crew line up right now...
Nope. That's not characteristic of Niel at all 😉😘
"Always send presents late"
I can't even force it anymore 
Dicks out for harambe
I'd try it today
That's why i screwed up 
But I feel like she moved on 
And I I realized I effed up 
Well she was upset obviously and now she wants like nothing to do with me 
And I said it wouldn't work or probably because she is in Connecticut and we wouldn't see each other until winter break if she even comes back 
She really wanted something with me 
I screwed up with Cara Hardy I think 
Sex Truffle 
Couches couches couches 
Nah. You are if you want it 
But I have roberts ticket 
We are thinking about it
We were going to leave here at 4
And Donnie wants to go to the melt @Logan Patiño 
I might make the drive down 
Any updates on tickets?
I'll email you the ticket tomorrow morning. Just mine or do you want me to text Robert 
If she isn't working, I know Robert isn't going so I could probably get him to
Email you his 
Hang with Julie if she is working
@Logan Patiño You want my crew ticket for tomorrow? 
Was drafted from UC this December 
@Niel Skalican Emmanuel Appiah has had three starts in two weeks for SKC. 2 in concacaf champs league and one in MLS. 
NARCOS SEASON TWO IN SEPTEMBER 
I was kidding. It looks pretty sweet 
You get it off Ali or something 
Looks fake to me 
Tell Lauren I made deans list and I'm not and idiot 
Find me a girlfriend please. I'm struggling back at home base
Thinking about joining the men's volleyball club team 
That was a beauty 
The nether isn't real Logan 
He went back to the nether!!
You're in for a treat 
If you jinxes us, I'm driving down to UC and kicking your ass 
PIPAAAAAA
Did you get the jersey today 
This guy 
https://media0.giphy.com/media/P3IZqDuQqpMoo/giphy.gif
But in all seriousness. Good for her. If she is happy then at least she ended it when she did. No hard feelings 
You don't break up with Nick Casto and get away with it. I break up with you 
I hope she burns her tongue on the coffee 
FUCK OFF BAY AND IAN 
Sup bay and Ian 
Burnnnnnnnnnnnn
Craig has the lamest name ever 
Have to get through me first 
There is a FA cup for the whole world 
look at this!
League name: Carroll 1829
Passcode: 2129006-508077
Here is the code to join the league then 
Did you guys get the email 
You can create your own kit too!
You table off points 
ASAP 
If you want to play fantasy soccer, send me your email address 
Starts Saturday bro 
There is just less than three days and no league on ESPN 
Should we just do PL fantasy on the PL website 
Pretty insightful 
My whole body aches 
Brian, do I just walk in 
What's your favorite cheese?
You know what they say. You can never get a chick to shut up! 
Look at the booty on that Blondie 
I'd down for being a thief. I'll leave in a second to watch volleyball with you if you don't mind! 
At your house or theirs??
Nah. Enjoy your date 
Where at? 
USA women beach volleyball at ten!
Let me know when to come over!
I wish I was good enough for that. Olympic volleyball is the best sport ever 
April Ross literally gets to everything.... 
The skill in beach volleyball is incredible 
I 🍑 volleyball
THE BOOOOOOTY
Like last week. Crew tried to sign him 
Since only four makes the tournament 
We can just do 5 teams then 
Uncle D doesn't want to play 
Does anyone care if Alicia comes to just hang out? 
There is no dinkers at all. They just ram it through there
The power behind the spikes 
@Logan Patiño Do you use a chromecast for your tv 
There are some total babes playing volleyball right now..
Sweet. Come over in the morning again? Or what 
Anybody wanna watch Olympics before volleyball tomorrow?
Tella fren
Shady's back 
https://media2.giphy.com/media/KnprfR93QbP7W/giphy.gif
Me and creg on da way
We doing it??
I'm just looking at my old Pokemon cards 
Evolved a 570 oddish into a 1227 vile plume 
Netflix movie?
Heroclix anyone? 
You don't deserve to be fantasy champion 
What comment? 
When is everyone coming back? Volleyball tonight?
My dick won't even call her cus she left all that lipstick 
She keep pushing me back 
This is a chat for families 
???????
I just hung out with Cara hardy 
Gave me one too
Sooooo Cara Hardy got a body 
Well we can't do trout club until 1:30. So that's off the table 
I guess I could 
I know! And only 12 bucks 
Yeah. I'm pretty sure it's the closest 
Where go you want to go? 
Look up the trout club in Newark 
Well I would all to find out the earliest tee times. They open at 7
@Niel Skalican 
Who all is in? I need to call to get a tee time and gave the number of people going 
Tim Tim Tim 
@poonslayer Preseason men's soccer rankings 
Golf*
Also. If we do the soccer good we need to reserve a tee time. So we need to decide as soon as possible so we can get an early tee time not in the middle of the day 
That works for me 
But honestly. You have to read it. I wish I was in book club so I could talk about it 
In the play, hermione is black. Which took me off guard 
So the new Harry Potter book is incredible..... 
Which is better than 18 the last time we played 
I called the trout club today. Foot golf would be 12 dollars a person if we wanted to do that Saturday 
I'm not even halfway to a charmeleon 
Only 6 candies though 😑
Just hatched a 480 charmander
I'm game. It's going to be packed Saturday lol 
So cedar point!??? 
Yeah that's what I see. People buying it before hand and using it as a scapegoat. 
What about you? 
I don't believe in it 
I'm not going to dispense it 
How is the street heroin these days?
I freaking wish I could've 😔 I'm glad you guys had fun though. Next time I'll go. I promise 
You guys went to Toronto!???
Bruh. You're technically homeless. You can panhandle for money 
Where are you parked? 
That makes zero sense 
Why do they do it like that lol 
Are you addicted to heroin?
Why??
The crew suck 
@poonslayer Where you get dat lemonade zip 
Bruh. From da free throw line 
https://v.groupme.com/17077713/2016-08-01T22:25:58Z/4a278274.568x320r90.mp4
@poonslayer Are you up? 
No shelter 
⚡️🌩⛈
Darn 😔
What team are you? 
During events. Yes 
Mew and mewtwo 
Please tell me you did that on purpose 
😂😂😂😂
Gas ain't cheap 
I said when you get us tickets to a basketball game against a reputable opponent or if fcc makes the playoffs and has a home game!
That's it!? :/
How long are you in town for 
Where 
How 
No one has caught or seen one :( 
But there isn't 
Nah. You good 
That's sweet. How much for tickets by the way? And do we print or get them at will call
You can literally get sick air at myrtle beach when you ramp the waves 
SIX WITH MY WOES
Thru that
Runnin
6 tomorrow 
I know you're not driving by yourself 
Who's back are you strapped onto 
We tryna cook or we tryna hunt?
What are we doing for food for Toronto 
Someone needs to make buttons 
I'll put it on my key chain 
I want one! 
👨‍❤️‍👨
B ri  
If you're playing soccer on those field and looking at the huge blown off Ohio state logo, we are to the right of that 
Niel. It is where we play soccer lol 
We are at the team bus 
We are at the team buses 
McCoy said south and that's final. I was overruled 
But our tickets are on the north side of the stadium 
McCoy said south 
Meet us on the side closest to campus 
Which is south 
It's the side we play soccer on 
Meet us at north side of stadium 
Library
Everyone but Brian and Logan 
Sweet. We are here waiting for you!
Where are you currently 
It will be like 630 when we get there 
Whenever you get here. We are getting our parking spot now and then we have to walk all the way to the stadium 
You and your dad are walking? That is a long walk my friend 
We could have picked you up!
Niel, traffic is absolutely horrid 
Where are you going to park 
@Niel Skalican When are you getting here 
Zach are you coming!?
We are on high street 
Going to the melt 
Misspelled bendtner jersey 
Hang around campus 
The melt 
About to leave 
@Niel Skalican I have your ticket by the way 
Okay 
Should I be at your house at 2?
Let's do it! 
I freaking love the melt 
I'm game. 
Okay let me know and we can go Pokemon hunt!
McCoy, when you wanna start chillin 
Ughhh. This game is going to suck 
WE GET TO SEE JAMES 
Let's! I can come over tomorrow moment after I work out 
I picked to catch them all!!!!
Lets hangout before the game 
McCoy, we hanging out tomorrow? 
Senior techs suck
With a thirty minute lunch break 
Just worked a 12.5 hour day 
Dig LIT af
Nice. The best thing I caught today was a 27 diglett
A kadabra! What CP?
If you send it to my gmail email can I claim it from the app? For future reference. Like I just claimed McCoys from the app but can't for yours 
That one is fine. I just have three emails. The one you use is my professional one and I rarely get on it. Plus I totally forgot about shades 
I'll claim it tonight. Sorry 
Logan what email did you sent the shades money 
I think it's 11 a person 
That's Canadian too
I just filled it out 
I'm pretty sure he is going 
We have to buy train passes during the week though. Do we want to go back into Toronto on Monday or no? 
It's an 8 hour drive, we should leave here at like 6am so that puts us at the campsite at 2. Hour to set up and take the train into Toronto and we should be good. 
So that saves stadium parking as wel and cuts down on gas
I talked to my grandparents. I guess traffic is always bad downtown and they advised taking the train into Toronto. They have a train that takes us directly to BMO field, and parking at the train station is free 
We have the campsite 
This is on the campsite website 
Actually, I tried to do a site with know electric and it's only ten dollars cheaper 
I say we don't get electric. We can wake up early and charge our phones at a coffee shop or something in the morning 
If we don't want electric on our campsite we can knock off 27 USD
So 11 dollars a person? 
With all the taxes and fees it is 55 usd
That's 44 Canadian by the way 
It's twenty minutes from the stadium 
Is 44 dollars ok for a campsite 
We are going to Toronto on the 31st correct? 
Sunday to Monday 
Yep
I'll get the campsite tonight or tomorrow! 
32 Americans or Looneys
I'm at work. If you guys want to order them then go for it. I can google wallet money to you guys
Hot, flaming trash 
It's a dumpster fire 
Our defense is trash 
Me and my boi coi watching live at the fre
Where did you read it will be a one time thing? 
Will it work? 
How 
15
Zubats aren't as common here at all 
How do you have that many golbats
Egg?
Dangg I should've went. I need a hypno. I caught two abras though! 
I was 11 yesterday until I used a lucky egg. 
What level are you? 
That's freaking awesome!!!
I played at osu yesterday 
I wish. I work 10-3 here, then drive back and work 5-8 at Lancaster 
Driving now 
The Meijer in Fairfield OH 
I'll be close to UC for an intern meeting today!!
I don't have a golbat. And I suck at catching zubats
Trifecta of eevee evolutions 
Genius 
That is not fair. Why couldn't you be yellow!? 😩😩
I hope they make it like that. Otherwise you'll have to fight us 
This really makes me sad :( 
And we have to take it from you 
Now you have the Carroll post office 
Zach no!!
What....
Who is wearing a polo
530???
Let's do it. When you wanna golf 
I was getting off at 5. I was thinking okay ASAP and hit up the Latinos after 
What time is golf @Brian Hoffman 
I caught a haunter today. Squirtle is much better though 
This lady's car literally died in our pharmacy drive through. I'm in express dress clothes and had to PUSH her car out of the drive through into the parking lot.... It's it's so freaking hot 
Red, Blue, Yellow
What color team do you guys wanna join?
Anyone else level 5?
You can't run forever 
 It's up to you! I feel like it all depends on if we can get pokeballs easily without paying. If they are hard to get. Then maybe save pokeballs for Pokemon you will use
Yep! Or both! I'm sure you'll catch another. Or keep releasing one and keeping the better one if you want to evolve it 
Where do you find all these water Pokemon!!!?
I wish we could trade 
The squad
I have no idea what CP is. But if you want to evolve pidgy, keep the better one. If you don't want to, transfer both. (Release into the wild) and you get candy for it 
I can't believe I'm a gym leader 😍😍😍
I was hoping to have eevee evolve into flareon :( 
A GOLDEEN! I have seen zero water Pokemon 
I'm a gym leader :) 
I have three 
So for drowzee I need 50 
When you catch Pokemon and release them you get candy
Once you get enough of the basic pokemon candies you tap evolve 
 I JUST EVOLVED MY FIRST POKEMON
Embarrassed her pretty bad when they saw me walking in the park 
I literally was Pokemon hunting walking around the park in Carroll because there is three poke stops next to each other. I then see my sister and her friends at Shirky's so I got some pizza 
Catching hella Pokemon
Gotta be level 5. I'm 4! 
So we may be rivals 
For real. I'm def gonna be team yellow though 
Downtown Carroll 
Two I'm Carroll 
There is still a free gym open on ginder road 
Zach, are you a gym leader anywhere? 
Got an egg from the fire department 
How do you get eggs!?
Are we golfing/hanging out tomorrow? 
Embarrassing 
His little coffee bean is hanging out!!!😂😂😂
@Logan Patiño Not a joke!!
I thought it was a joke 
Wait. Are you serious 
Here 
Post it 
Servers are down for me too 
Plus, rt 33 will be popping. Rt 315 might be good too 
Hella training grounds 
Bout to go to osu 
Are servers currently down?
Slap slap slap 
Clap clap clap
I picked charms der 
Who is everyone's starters? 
That's hilarious 😂😂😂
There is one at the end of ginder rd randomly... Prolly some fat cheeto munched 
Zach do you have any gyms by you? 
So far it is. I have gone into Carroll yet 
You're so freaking lucky! There is one by the greenfield fire station for me. That's the closest so far 
I saw a venonat today though. Too strong to catch right now. I'll never stop trying! By mom! 
I HAVENT EVEN SEEN A ZUBAT! That Pokemon is rare in this neck of the woods 
Guys, Meijer is filled with pokemons.!!!!! Caught two evees!!
This could not be more true 😂
 I'll let you play before to decide to do it 
Wow. Can you guys go back...
This is incredible 😩
Why isn't it compatible with android :( 
Fricken wild wheedle crawling on Craig 
 THIS IS INCREDIBLE 
YAAAAAASASX
I'm starting to think you hate my grandpa, Brian 
Let's do it!
9-5
We will have to do weekday then 
Logan, I work the 23 
Our section is sold out unless you buy through stub hub. I think you can still get tickets through ticketmaster for a different section though 
@Brian Hoffman 
I could do 18 or 19. I don't know my day schedule but I know I have that weekend off
Christian Press in the ESPN body issue 😍😍😘😘
I'll look at my schedule 
KD went to golden state 
I am so angry 
Wow 
That is ridiculous 
That lives in Cleveland 
Other people being a member of the group chat 😉
I'm sure you could. You actually watch and pay attention to most big sports. Other people just became cavs fans three seconds ago 
Like you would be the perfect college roommate for me I feel like 
Well I was referring to the whole different schools thing primarily 
Niel, you're the best friend I've always wanted when it comes to sports knowledge. But you were/are never around. 
Mozgov's contract was whack too 
It's only because of the new salary cap but still 
Getting paid more than dame Lilliard 
You think KD leaves OKC?
I'm glued to the tv and Reddit  pages 
I know. I'm addicted to NBA free agency 
Very good convo. Soccer is lien the only thing I can fully argue in confidence. Everything else I don't know anything about 
I 100% plan on it 
Go to FCC and it's still under 100
Because you have ticket prices on top of parking fees. That's well over 150 for a family of four 
And the crew can't go anywhere else stadium wise. 
It literally generates little to no revenue 
The fairgrounds own the parking lot. We don't make parking fees 
We have the fourth cheapest tickets in the MLS 
Who on the crew roster is going to sell tickets outside of the avid fan 
European and Mexican teams aren't on a salary cap 
MLS payroll is significantly hire than USL. I wish the crew would drop their prices but maybe they can't afford to 
Crew had to build their own stadium 
I'm not saying they didn't. But you came in a time when people have done it before and you know where the pitfalls are 
They can't fix parking fees 
Crew stadium is outside of downtown off 71 
You have public transportation to games because you're downtown 
You pay free to 5$ 
To park.. I pay 15-20$ depending on the team 
I paid 400 bucks for season tickets in the corner/worst seats of the stadium 
And you know that 
I'm not arguing with you on attendance. That's stupid and not even comparable given the circumstances of both teams 
And then you get fans that want to support a team but the owner doesn't buy players.  If you never have good enough players for fear of going bankrupt and losing your team, you never get into MLS. And if you never try to get into MLS, fans don't support you. Why do you think some USL teams have little support? No MLS aspirations. I'm not saying FCC only has great attendance because of a chance of MLS, but the MLS idea allows for continued support 
I agree with that but we don't decide if there is pro/rel. the MLS is single entity. So all the owners have to agree on it. And all the owners invested millions/billions to play in MLS. They are making money of MLS. They won't vote for something that would eventually possibly run them out of business. 
Tv money is what makes leagues now a days. It rules the salary caps. Look at the NBA 
Where does the second division make money besides ticket and apparel sales 
There is no tv revenue for USL 
And owner has to pay upfront millions to get into the MLS and next year you make him play in USL? 
The only reason is financing 
I'm not saying that talent is the reason against pro rel. it literally is financing 
Players don't want to play in Columbus.... 
How many Americans outside of soccer now knows what pro rel is 
The crew is paying for Giovincos contract, Lampard, Pirlo, Howard, Higuain, 
We can't even afford the players we have now... The league splits up all dp contracts amongst all owners and teams because a team can't afford them by themselves 

Financially, the MLS cannot support pro/rel
You would lose the single entity which means everyone would have to find their own jersey sponsors... Teams that don't get jersey sponsors don't make money, don't buy players, don't sell tickets in a league that already struggles with attendance, the team then folds and soccer isn't s thing anymore 
But it's not about that. It's about the loss of investors when they realize that their team could go into obscurity as they slide into smaller divisions 
In all serious. I hope there is pro/rel. but now isn't the time 
I don't know. The same way probably a life time fan of the crew would switch to a new team and all of a sudden hate the boyhood club he was infatuated with 10 months ago 
Niel... You lost to a team in a division considered higher than USL that the third to last MLS team beat 5-0
Wow 
OLAAAAA
is he trying to get caught. I mean honestly 
This guy has a non-driver driver's license. Super dirty. Gross fingernails. Holes in his clothes. Comes in every month to buy sudafed. Today he comes in for his monthly meth lab inventory and asks me for sudafed and the LARGEST BOTTLE OF ALCOHOL YOU HAVE 
Lancaster boi
The man don't mess around 
For oral sex
Mouth wash 
Listerine
The guy who bought stuff before me in the self check out line left his receipt. He bought listening and condoms 
I had Friday and yesterday 
I have a foreign exchange student coming in :/ I can't leave the house 
Margarita mixer my uncles made out of a sump pump motor. And a Gatorade cooler. Are we redneck yet  https://v.groupme.com/17077713/2016-07-03T00:35:23Z/401874f3.568x320r90.mp4
Every one of his posts end in an exclamation point 
Don't have a stemi
Did you get fired? 
Yessir 
That's why I saved up for a MacBook. My HP sucked 
Does UC have free tech support? As a student at ONU I get free tech from the IT department 
Should I resort to tinder 
Gotcha. Well yeah! Try to get that switched! 
What hours are you working? 
Saturday 
July 9th 
I just want to say. This summer has sucked so far. Why did everyone have to leave 
@Brian Hoffman 
https://v.groupme.com/17077713/2016-06-28T18:13:07Z/4ecb7ac7.568x320r.mp4
And the name is Liam not Siri 
My moms Siri voice is of a native Australian male... 
I'm so happy. 
Mate. Please 
It's the 87th minute 😂😂
"I'm trying to be neutral" Steve, you haven't said anything about Iceland yet lol 
Get rekd, McCoy
How can you be mad for a sterling for vardy swap 
Same. England sucks and I love it 
You only won because I didn't know there were playoffs....
HAHAHAHHA ENGLAND 
She cool. We are pretty good friends 
Guys, I apologize for my bad language. I am no homophobe and will not use the moniker/adjective in that way anymore 
Kelsey Brebberman????
All gay, no skill 
Logan is the England of fantasy soccer 
Better hope you don't see me on the playoffs. Im purposely getting fourth so I can knock you out first round. 
It should even count. Like you have no fantasy knowledge at all. If you didn't check the pre game lineup, it's your fault 
You won on a substitution. 
Logan, you're the gayest fantasy soccer player ever 
Help me. I'm stuck in my own body 
Wow creg
YASSSSSSSSS. I work this weekend but I'll still do it! 
Sleep over and volleyball ASAP 
I can't wait for you to come home. When are you coming home 
That's fine. Just let me know whenever you figure out 
Niel?
@Brian Hoffman ?
Who coming to the fourth party? 
Dammit Logan 
Too
Logan knows that feeling of
The 9th
Craig, we playing tennis today? 
Total deutchery
Polish players are douches, celebrating in front of Swiss fans 
Stumpy
Stubby
Ballsy pk lewa
Wow. 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7UyW4dbiu0s
It's such a funny video!!
Megs> goals 
Would you rather score a goal and not be remembered at all? Or skill someone so bad you make them possibly quit soccer for the rest of your life 
The final will be lit though 
Logan, are you at the parade? 
Guzan is standing on that post 
Get throat punched 
Messi just went 1 on 4 and had a great shot 
Great start 
Great start 
I know you hated season 6... But the final season of the league is off to a good start 
WHY WHY WHY WHY 
WHY
That can't be real 
He used the word sloshing....
This guy was in the ER because he masturbates with dish soap and skin was sloshing off his penis  
Does anyone wanna hear a gross story my friend told me, who works at mount Carmel east
Who is going to the victory parade tomorrow 
This lady got a legitimate prescription for Xanax and the reason is the cicadas 
https://media2.giphy.com/media/J2MuS3ABRPxRe/giphy.gif
Does anyone have the full picture of Craig in paralysis 
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=84JxpJMwqg4
Lookin like Neville when he try tuh stop Harry and the gang from getting the sorcerers stone 
Patrificus Totalus
Paralyzed in his own body 
Craig's face  😂😂😂
https://v.groupme.com/17077713/2016-06-20T04:20:14Z/2571c16e.568x320r90.mp4
https://v.groupme.com/17077713/2016-06-20T04:20:02Z/5c1c1351.568x320r90.mp4
https://v.groupme.com/17077713/2016-06-20T04:19:45Z/328ef336.568x320r90.mp4
https://v.groupme.com/17077713/2016-06-20T04:19:14Z/62d46bf4.568x320r90.mp4
So I don't have to download the new version right 
How do I get the runescape classic
Mexico getting smacked rn
I'm starting over tonight anyways 
Was he weed smoker 420
Just kidding. False alarm 
https://media3.giphy.com/media/138iNWtaYYZ3Uc/giphy.gif
How many people are still on 
I'm getting it tonight 
You started!!?
I unfortunately am not. I'm up on Lake Erie rn
Don't forget your MLS fantasy lineups 
The stadium is packed 
stopped just for you 
Look where I'm at @Logan Patiño 
Do we have a plan for Sunday Logan!? 
I think it will be just me 
Donnie's sister lives in Cleveland, so he won't need to stay with us
Is there enough room for Donnie to stay 
Logan. How much room do you have 
It's a plan 
I'm staying the night and I'll go home Monday 
I'm swear tuh god I am there 
Logan..... Seriously can I come up Sunday 
https://media3.giphy.com/media/xT4uQgYy3rmXl9I3Uk/giphy.gif
Curry is a whiny biatch
https://media2.giphy.com/media/RjHlVg9oOuUjm/giphy.gif
Providing things align 
Jswi I come up Sunday afternoon 
I don't work Monday....
I'm sorry, Brian. But I hate national team Gyasi Zardes
Autocorrect mate. My apologies to your country 
We do suck. It's sold out for Columbia vs Peru yet in our home country it's empty for our game 
Copa 
👄
The best stream gets up voted to the top every time 
R/soccerstreams
No idea 
Ur gai Brian. Not me 
I like a little meat to play with 
Athletic skinny. Not like dying skinny 
You know my type. Tall and skinny 
Not kidding 
Find me a girlfriend 
Not yet! Pharmacy isn't as pretty as you think! 
Proud of you guys. I'm jealous of your new jobs 
Zach, have you started Teva yet? 
Lebron James is our best player if you were wondering 
You're actually making friends. I'm proud of you. 
I'm so jealous!!!!!! 
You going to poontown tonight or something? 
Never mind. The graphics suck still 
Just look at the graphics 
I'm debating on downloading right now 
We could totally pwn sum nøøbs
Anybody wanna start up on runescape again?
Yep
Suaro with a pcl tear 
Saeid with a broken vertabrae
Higuain out with a hernia for 8 weeks
CLOSE! ITS FREDDY ADU
DOES ANYONE KNOW WHO THIS IS!!!!????
Sep27 I think? Whatever that Sunday is 
25-99$ according to the dispatch 
Yeezy coming to SHOTT! Who going? 
Just dropped a freestyle on Rapchat. Check it out here https://www.rapchat.me/share-rap.html?rapid=407A1720-32A3-11E6-82BD-5725699B7AE8 


Outro
New hit single "Reeky" s/o to my boi Reeky San Chez @Craig Casto 
Check it out 
Just dropped a freestyle on Rapchat. Check it out here https://www.rapchat.me/share-rap.html?rapid=B2C8F790-32A0-11E6-BAD9-93C84ADDEAD4
New single is getting dropped tonight 
Yeo. And he just gave up a goal lol
We are coming back Monday 
It's a Sunday night 
Or 27th
I think it's July 29th
Zach, we are going to the crew game in Toronto ! You wanna come!? 
Bien venue, Canada. I have my passport 
Happy Birthday! 
Great job, zardes 
Great job, Yedlin 
Swag. I definitely want to come down soon 
In two weeks can I come down to UC? 
She has a huge crush on me, so my family always teases her about it 
Yes! Her name is Mikayla
Next year!!!! Everyone comes 
Wales!
https://v.groupme.com/17077713/2016-06-11T17:56:12Z/54717647.568x320r90.mp4
And it was their third string goalie. We probably would have won 1 or 2 nothing if they had Navas
It was a good one. PK set the tone because we were getting murdered before that.
What about her friend 
We on 99.1 big stick!!!
She won't be there :( we are going two weeks early this year :( 
Come :(
Last night 
Where you guys at 
Even if we get out, we most likely go up against Brazil 
Must win game next 
😑
Did we score!? 
Or are we just pinned back the entire time 
Have we had any offense?
Klinsmann must be fired if we get last. No doubts 
ESPN picked us to be dead last in the group 
Do we even look decent 
What the hell is going on 
I need updates. In a car right now 
It's the 49ers
I'd rather see beckerman
Why 
JJ is starting 😩
What a skit 
Oh 
That's why we going for the crew game 
He scored on a header at the 18 lol 
Bald headed, doughnut packing, Hamburgler wanna be soccer player. 
He didn't. But he still sucks. 
We have an 18, a 19 year old in. Connor Casey is an idiot. Connor Casey sucks. Our whole team is on international duty. Philly doesn't have one player on international duty. Two own goals. These kits suck. 
2 OGs
After tonight 
Brian, they are a new team 
Niel, it's just banter. It's okay rooting for FCC. I just want to be hooligan. But I do get fired up at the Reddit boards 
Posers 
That's everyone at FCC. All of them were crew fans a year ago and now they hate the crew. 
And it's already a very heated rivalry between fan bases 
If FCC win tonight, they play the crew 
I'm not a fan of FCC. I hope they never win a title of any sort 
Crew>FCC
They have been knocking on the door all game though 
OG
No 
Go to the Tampa bay rowdies YouTube page 
You're welcome 
Free stream 
It's on YouTube homie 
Niel? You're not watching your beloved FCC? 
OLA!!!!
We gotta play when you get back 
It was really fun. Logan is a natural 
That's fine with me 
We would have to start at 7:30-8 at the latest though 
Same. I work at 11
I'm scared for when he plays us though 
Still hasn't scored for the revs
Good. Frig off kei 
No idea. It was towards the end of the game when we were trying to hold on. It was right in front of the nordecke. They started yelling at each other 
It was ridiculous. And Finlay and Higuain got into it towards the end of the game 
That game last night.... Kamara could have had like 6 goals and we almost gave it up 😩
The money 
But the payroll
I hate Real Madrid 
F that 
He hasn't dove once 
Atleti's keeper sucks 
Probably 
I want atleti
Madrid
Yes. He is an idiot 
What a loser 
Let's go barca
Fox
Porrrrrrr tiiiiiiii volllarrreeee
No one cares about this performance lol 
There is now crowd engagement 
Makes no sense 
Why is Alicia keys playing....
Anybody going to the crew game this weekend? 
https://media2.giphy.com/media/rT5vvlE6xFHIA/giphy.gif
Here I come 
Q. Who dat boi.
A. IM DAT BOI
https://media0.giphy.com/media/Rab3OOKlPF0Kk/giphy.gif
I am talking to a girl! First time in months!
I'm doing it guys!
You've been much wiser since returning from China. Those Chinese proverbs are doing you well 
I had to be a little tipsy to talk her but oh well. She finally came knocking 
Absolutely 
She twelve, Zach 
On the far right 
I'm already in love. Can she come to myrtle beach?
I'm going to marry her 
😍😍😍😍😍
SUPER ATTRACTIVE PHARMACY BABE IN MY DMs!!!!!!!!
What time? 
YESSSSS
Zach. We need tuh heroclick
How bad is it though. Honestly 
Ouch. That's unfortunate 
Did you drop the barbell on your back 
How
Level three calf contusion  over here. Suck it up 
I work 3-9
And we are right by the house 
Mel wants to see McCoy 
Can me an Mel stop by real quick, @Logan Patiño 
Toronto v CLB 
We going to the 6
July 
What's your point 
Check out the foot 
I'll sit in the pool while you guys finish the court if you want 
Passport is in the mail 
I am loving OKC rn
I'm turning passport stuff in tomorrow
It's the same crew from last time plus whoever wants to come 
Campus footy on Wednesday anyone? 
Largest payroll in the league, at home, in a baseball stadium, derby match, and you got waxed by 7 😂
I'm dying 
What the F. Nycfc is awful 
NYCFC lol 
Come over to Arsenal 
Sorry McCoy 
The man was nominated for team of the year in bundesliga as a midfielder. What are you doing 
And you're listing Fabian Johnson as a defender 
Timmy chandler and orozco are so bad 
What the F Jurgen 
Booooooo. SANTA FE! SANTA FE! SANTE FE! Santa Fe tiene mi corazon <3
I was getting some rules update and found a couple we didn't abide by and I didn't know if it was just we played backyard rules which is fine or if we just didn't know 
Because you have to spike or punch and it also helps the teammate not blocking because it limits the places where the spiked can hit it 
Basically eliminates David's dominance at the net. It actually makes it worth going up for a block 
I don't care if we play like we normally do, but technically there are a lot of illegal hits 
What rules or lack there of are we using for the volleyball tournament 
Go Brian. It's ya birthday 
https://media4.giphy.com/media/WYSWJvFbaT8n6/giphy.gif
First one
HAPPY BIRTHDAY,  BRIAN!!!
I just wrecked Craig in arm wrestling 
It's just weak sauce. Unless they anticipate it not selling out which I could imagine. If you only get 8000, it's easier to do at JO than at mapfre
But it's only 10k fans. Just do it at nippert then 
That's stupid. Only 10k....
If FCC wins, the game is at Jesse Owens stadium....
That was seriously awesome though. What a surprise 
Grade you those beats for the ability to play soccer tonight 
Logan, I'll be over there at like 5:30 with Robert 
Hopefully. I just need FCC to win 
We didn't even sell out the USA WCQ
I want Columbus to be a soccer city 
Cincy can bring just as many people if not more.... And we never do well on weekday games attendance wise 
Portland was much louder. PORTLAND. 
You were at MLS cup...
I hope. It would just be embarrassing if it were MLS cup all over again. Out chanted and out represented, or an empty stadium 
Yeah. That is lame af
Unless the crew lower ticket prices 
But again, it's crew fans. How many even know about this rivalry. And paying our ticket prices on a weekday. I would almost rather it be at UC
I would've went to UC as well. I just hope the Columbus faithful shows up 
Well I'd certainly hope so. But for fans to say it's unfair. If you offer to host (which I highly assume you would). It comes down to a coin flip 
The us open cup will be middle of the week again if they play the crew 
I mean, you had a 50/50 chance 
All 8000
FCC crying on Reddit because they don't get to host the game 
Yeeeeeeet
I need a girlfriend 
Incredible 
That's pretty cool. We saw that this morning 
Your attendance was 8000 tonight
Niel, you going to FC cincy game tonight?
Pooty
Ohhhh. It's Brian's?
I think I'm going to stop by target because they have the expansion for twenty bucks 
Catan? 
Heroclix? 
You got it boi 
Just volleyball tomorrow *
Is a sleepover on the docket tonight or just tomorrow 
Touché 
It's not your birthday 
Well I don't work Wednesday and I get off at 4 today 
We tryna chill this week or no?
Niel, how often do you and Lexi go hiking? 
Just for the friendly 
It's not the copa roster. Puerto Rico sucks. He just called up a bunch of fringe players 
WHY COULDNT ADI PULL UP WITH A HAMSTRING 4 MIN EARLIER 
Ur still gay. so I win 
Welp. Good game Logan 
Is it not a thing? 
If anyone has events to add. Let me know. It's cool being the historian 
Well that might be. I didn't think it was but it could be wrong . I don't really. know. I just get the best grades I can. 
Once you fail three classes I think you fail or or you're on probation. I think below a 2.5 you also get on probation 
I think as long as you have a 3.0 and haven't failed three classes 
They can trade discovery right 
Yep. Third place 
You've never seen Tottenham finish above Arsenal. You haven't been alive when Tottenham finished above Arsenal 
21 years, Brian 
TOTTENHAM!
Shit!!!!!
Lololololololololol 
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Dank
You sold your soul to Mother Earth. You're becoming earth where you'll be stuck forever 
That's crazy. I could not do that 
And what was your time
How long was the race? 
That's pretty cool.
You left her behind!? 
Does she still hate me
I'll definitely come down for another his summer!
Go 2 sleep little zākî
Zach, how was China?
Niel, thanks again for yesterday!! I really had an awesome time. We have to do that again
We need a win badly. 
We have nowhere to stay. Plus we don't have clothes 
Today probably 
Yeah. We at the game 
You got the jerseys? 
GUYS. BENDTNER IS WITHOUT A CONTRACT
Sure 
I get off work at nine. We can leave to Niel's straight from your Casa
Sleepover tonight? 
Please baby no more parties in LA
No more parties in LA 
I saw that this morning. New rule allowing a fourth DP because MLS 
I can either wear Craig's goalie jersey or an ONU sweatshirt 
Wear the Drogba!
I'm ready 
Neither do I. Just look up kei Kamara Twitter 
Kei is acting like a child on Twitter 
We scored five against dC without him lol 
He gets the ball to the wingers which gets it into kei 
Higuain doesn't score because he isn't supposed to in greggs system 
I'm happy we got rid of him. We just need to make it to July. That's it 
Look at all the talent on the Houston rockets. Bad locker room. Bad team 
We weren't one with him and he ruined a locker room 
Take away Montreal and he has done nothing 
Our team isn't even a playoff team 
I know Middlesbrough hated him 
Nate Johnson 
We got rid of him originally because of his attitude, Johnson said 
I hope he falls flat on his face in NE 
Oh wow. That's awesome 
The deal doesn't say anything about a pick but they might not have disclosed it 
Revs offered us the most 
I seriously hate him. What an arrogant a hole 
Falcao to crew summer transfer window 
Oh my gosh. 
Wow.
That's so weird 
Are you serious!???
Noon?
Plus u 
We need one more. It's me, Logan, and McCoy 
What time are we allowed to get there 
Did you get us Bailey tickets 
Oh. I thought it was at 730
Come down Saturday and leave Saturday after the game 
Yeah 
At your place? 
Well it depends if we have a place to stay... I can stay all weekend if you want. It's up to you 
What shall I bring? 
Am i good to come over right after work? 
Well I was super sick Saturday. Sunday I was out with family all day. And I worked today from 1-9 and tomorrow 8-4
I've been home since Saturday 
@Niel Skalican Are we going to be able to get tickets? You already have passed 10k tickets sold for Saturday....
I have Wednesday off work 
PLEAASSEE
Sleepover tomorrow!!?????
I'm off Wednesday!
Craig sux at spikeball 
For sure. Let's plan for that one then 
Dang it. Well that sucks 😔
I really want to go to an away game this summer and our only options are Toronto, Chicago, and philly I think 
I am 100% in.
I have to renew mine as well. So let's get that sent in this week and do it 
Do you have a passport!? I'm in 
We gots the spike ball
Like what the actual hell was that 
Oh my gosh....
https://m.reddit.com/r/MLS/comments/4icmzl/pittsburgh_riverhounds_player_kicks_karl_ouimette/
F THE CREW
No way 
The red lipstick 
French, Arabian 
Like she is soooooo sexy 
Elektra is bae though 
YOU TAKE THAT BACK 
KSIOlajidebt the rapper 
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=AqEKQGFSvw0
How far are you 
Dark hair, French Arabic
Elektra is my kinda women 
She is alright 
YOU FINALLY STARTED
Well I guess it's better than going nothing 
What did you do for the other 29 minutes and 50 seconds then 
Well people think you're good probably
Are there a lot of NBA fans over there? 
What time is it over there 
Fair enough 
You think you're better than me??!!
What's that mean 
No longer being a lurker
And he wants to go to more crew games 
Logan, for whatever reason, Donnie thinks your like awesome... And wants to hang out when I come to Cleveland for the cavs game 
It's settled then 
So there will only be four in the car. The person riding with my uncle still chips in for gas of the car we take 
Yeah. But on the way down, me or Craig will ride with an uncle and the opposite on the way up 
Does anyone going to myrtle beach want to volunteer a car and not pay for gas? 
Torres and Muller with the cold turkey PK 
This Bayern game is a good one 
I watched that last night. Really really good
I didn't think you could scum lower than Diego Costa, but congratulations Tottenham. 
How did rocket league go 
$48
Yeah. Whenever you get the money. Doesn't have to be today 
Have you seen any cats yet....
You check out ali express yet?
You're Zach from the future 
How is yesterday? 
88 minute goal. Sweet
Just watched a couple by two bottles of lube and at one point they looked over and saw me staring at them. Very professional 
My worst enemy will have his hands rendered useless forever 
The real kind.... That locks your fingers forever 
They suck. Zach, buy me one of those Chinese finger traps 
Update? 
Bring home the rocket league trophy 
Po hang steelers!
The witch is dead. Get a chungham Dragons jersey
I'll stop by this evening. On my way back from school 
Logan, when  can I pick up that membership card 
Pablo.... What are all the windows tinted on ya Tahoe
Kinda mad they took out the throne on pop style 
Currently listening to views
I know, right?
TLOP
Check out the custom album cover I did 
I'll let you know when I get it. It should get here this week sometime 
SAME! I got mine yesterday!
PHARMERS FOR LYFE
https://media3.giphy.com/media/gaUh1r5mhz3Fe/giphy.gif
Got so many chains they call me chaining Tatum 
Views from the 6 tomorrow!!!!
That would be pretty funny 
I just don't want to commit because I don't know my work schedule during the week is all and that weekend you're free, I'm going to hang with my pal, Niel and pick up my cosmos jersey 
Ohhh I misread your last message 
How many free tickets? 
You only get a week of PLT...
It's less busy during the week! If we could all just ask for a day off we could do that 
Wow! I've been getting chubby. I need to do whatever you're doing 
You lose some you win some. As long as the outcome is income 
I have finals next week
Them and india don't care about pollution 
Don't die. Their air sucks. 
I'm 100% in for that too 
As long as I don't get this new job and they don't need me that weekend 
I'm 100% in 
I'm not doing anything either 
Well frig off then 
You only 45 minutes away from my campus 
STOP BY 
Or Sammy Adams 
I'm picking bowling for soup 
Well I know 0 of lil dickey lol 
I only know one of their songs though 
Yeah.... No
IM IN LOVE 
Gold
r/daisyridley
Sounds Hoodrat to me 
I voted for lil dickey
I have no idea 
Try to beat us OSU and Cinci. Welcomefest concert will be off the chain 
We didn't really learn about it. It was just like, this is what can happen if you have liver disease 
We talked about ascites briefly in one of my classes this semester 
I think I went over that in bio Chem 
That*
Tell than man to lay off the booze and Tylenol 
https://media2.giphy.com/media/X4vssgiLmDSCI/giphy.gif
QUEEN B
Get out of here with that cold turkey 
I'll be on the borderline for that 
Already broke the pact 
Nagbe has been injured for three weeks lol 
Broad shoulders by Taylor Bennett and chance.... Do yourself a favor and listen to it 
Sweet. Those are a myrtle beach essential 
Next free time you have, will you check and see if my black Hurley phantoms are at your house? 
He doesn't need it until the next home game and I come home Friday for work 
I'll get it Friday 
@Logan Patiño Do you still have Robert's ticket card or did I misplace it? 
I don't think it really looks that good 
F saido mane
You sure? That's fine with me!
Sweet. I can pick you up at Julie's and we can head on over 
By the way, Logan we are planning to be at the melt at 5, is that still good? 
This is crazy 
PULISIC STARTS AND SCORES AGAIN
I just dropped this sick rap on #Rapchat. I call it 'Chuck Dis Track' listen here: https://rapchat.me/share-rap.html?rapid=E07B1BC0-08EB-11E6-BE8A-836687D98ED9
I've gotten two today 
People at ONU are literally making dis tracks about me on rap chat 
Gotcha. If I can, do you want me to add you to the wait list? 
Ohhhhh. I could ask her 
You wouldn't buy them through me. I can have my season ticket rep call you if you want. I can give her the low down and you can talk about things. She is cool, pretty young. 
For the crew I presume? 
Cold turkey grammar 
Finale*
Daredevil season finally has me crying 
It's 9:10 in the morning, having breakfast and its da COL TURkEE?
That doesn't make you not cold turkey though
Craig, you cold turkey with that grammar 
It's still sooooo bad 
He has it bumping on his bose speaker 
Donnie was crying as well 
I have no idea if you can download it
I LOVE YOU FANS
I'm struggling to get studio time 
I just dropped this sick rap on #Rapchat. I call it 'Cold Turkey' listen here: https://rapchat.me/share-rap.html?rapid=B197EF20-0802-11E6-B90B-0F78E83E5490
Please give me a listen 
Come on guys :( it's just banter
McCoy rn?
https://media2.giphy.com/media/LRVnPYqM8DLag/giphy.gif
Not as fun. I don't understand it 
They have the viewing parties on the big screens by the Q 
Logan will be living there.... So yeah 
Good luck boi 
Yeah you do! It's his first crew game too so hopefully there are goals to be scored 
Absolutely! Please do come 
The grilled cheese place 
Yes
Oh
You work a 16 hour day....
You can come too if you want 
Logan, for the game Saturday, I'm bring Donnie and I'm meeting another pharmacy friend from ONU at the melt on campus. Me and Donnie are going to explore Lancaster and then go to osu to explore and then the melt. If you want food that's where we will be. If not, I'll pick you up at Julie's 
This is something Zach would say 
 Pulisic named to bundesliga totw!
Is that dude a level 2 dragon priest or something? Weak AF
Massachusetts institute of terrorism 
Autocorrect 
Stanford bridge is falling down 
To sit the bench 
Nope.  I'm cool with going straight there
Are you gonna want to eat before the game again or are you going to be good 
Sweetness
So 127 for both 
107
Want me to pick you up at Julie's again so you can park for free? I have a parking pass 
Yee
You still wanna go to the crew game? 
Green got me lit af
I can't believe Craig has the second most points in fantasy but is second to last 
Team pharmacy 
Goog wall it 
Yeah. Like you get one point 
That's why you need a bench 
You literally needed one more point to be doubled to tie 
are you serious 
They are struggling 
Barca lost again 
https://media1.giphy.com/media/kyH070AOWdrYk/giphy.gif
I'm definitely thinking my family is getting it so we will bring it to the beach 
It's 2v2 beach extreme volleyball 
Look it up bro bro 
Prepare to be dominated 
Spikeball for myrtle beach this year: ✅
Copping that USA jersey rn
Pulisic scored for Dortmund!
Crazy stuff. I hope if Lester wins, all the players don't move on to big money clubs. It's nice to see a change of pace 
Anybody watch that Leicester game 
What's a goal 
To slay the giant 
I will step up to the task 
We needed you 
😩
BRIAN 😊
Like they were under all these folders. Under a locked filing cabinet she only has the key for 
THIS LADY PUT THEM IN THE BOTTOM OF THE FILING CABINET!!!
The ticket for you to buy is next weekend agains Houston 
The game is next weekend 
I could give it to Julie tonight actually 
Craig wants to lower his car and get windows tinted and a new muffler. Wants to be one of those racing cars. And I don't care. You want to pick it up at the game? Or earlier 
And yep. I'm picking it up tonight. 
RIVERSIDE CUP DERBY ZACH 
Brian, my pharmacist got in a huge fight because he found out this guy (who has stolen from the store before and now can only come through T the drive through to pick up his rx)  was selling his test strips on eBay 😂 and now he is turning him in for Medicare fraud 
They are 5 dollar tickets 
They are playing their rival 
Are you going to the game!!?
Gai. Have fun boi 
No just what are you doing tonight 
Logan what are you doing 
I can't play tomorrow. I have to get stuff done unfortunately. I have a big week coming up 
Yeah. I got work Saturday plus the crew game so I can come down Friday and play 
I can play Friday? 
I wish I stayed up and watched that. That is awesome 
Well they will get subbed out then 
Currenthiphop isn't even a website anymore 
How did Good Friday not make it on my beautiful dark twisted family 
Logan, that was freshman year. I remember singing that at the Lancaster scrimmage 
WHATEVER YOU WANT 
I found a flash drive with all my old music. Oh my gosh 
July by drake and jhene aiko
What a song 
Wow 
I just listened to dreams money could buy for the first time in at least three years 
In comparison to city? 
It works though 
I do hate atletis style of play though lol. Just foul as much as you can to play the slowest pace of football 
Man city are only underdogs because they have never made they semis. They have better talent than atleti for sure. 
They're the underdogs 
https://media1.giphy.com/media/LAUrMGIMl4SoE/giphy.gif
Atleti
You knew that 
Arsenal 
I will never root for them in anything 
I still hate city 
I was pulling for benfica but now I want atleti
Ew
Show what..?
.... 
What is happening to barca? Dropped four of 5 in all competitions!
That's pretty sweet! Didn't you not want to be in that at all though? Or just not be president? 
I would be there if the crew had an away game :/ 
Are you going this weekend? 
And Shaun Okoli had a sweet scissor kick for the opening goal 
14,000.....
We have a chance to! 
That really is a beautiful picture. I love nippert 
And it's a big rivalry game this weekend 
Niel did you see how many people were at the home opener??
He scalps tickets 
Well let me know. I'm only extending it to you guys. If not, I will sell it to big Rick in the parking lot 
I'm selling it for a friend 
I have an extra nordecke ticket for the April 23rd game. 20 bucks if you want to come with me and watch some crew soccer together 
Ware du ppl get deez power puff girl pics at?
Creg, you dating that girl yet? 
For a month?
When does summer class start?
Well I'm guessing Craig will use my old set, so we have one extra set 
I have two extra sets of clubs since I got new ones for my birthday last year 
Pleasant valley!!
How do I think I'm better than you 
I can't do either of those 
If I can get my shin splints under control 
I absolutely would but I seriously can't get rid of these shin splints 
No one is capable of running s marathon 
Plus we have to transport clubs down 
But it's not like pleasant valley.  Like you have to be able to hit a driver straight which no one could do 
Although it would be easy to find. SC is the largest populated golf area in the US
No one knows how to golf...
Did Yedlin do okay 
Dare me to drive 
I jus drank a fifth of vodka 
Plus I've been at work all day 
How often do you see that in sports unfortunately 😔 break out year, the guy gets paid, then he struggles 
Giving Kamara that DP deal 😩 I need some production homie
Take it off the ticket price for the PSG game 
How much do I owe you 
When does my gainz fertilizer come in 
That's disappointing 
Bro. I would have to start training now and find a way to get rid of these shin splints 
Six four-minute rounds of jump rope 
Intense concentration 
Gym pic <3
Right in the kanickies
https://media0.giphy.com/media/bRIXjVx6tgOwE/giphy.gif
Get rekked https://v.groupme.com/17077713/2016-04-07T17:16:12Z/18abd992.568x320r90.mp4
It gets so much more complex 
Do they have the expansions? 
I literally play Catan every Friday lol 
Like.. Newb
The only man I know that takes ten minutes just to decide he is taking his tokens off of a pushed character 
Well if you wouldn't take so long, Logan....
Well that gives us like 15 minutes of hanging out then!? 
We also need to decide if someone would like to volunteer the car for the trip and that would of course mean they don't pay gas 
@Logan Patiño I come home tomorrow for work. We chillin or nah? 
If you want to google wallet, I can give you the email. Or we can do it in person. Whatever is easier 
For the myrtle beachers: condo needs paid for by May fourth according to my mom. So start working on that moolah
Yes! Pharma companies make the big bucks and set the prices. I would think you would get laid well! And we can talk drugs and exclude Logan and McCoy! 
Teva is a generic manufacturing company 
Absolutely! Yeah I would say they are a pretty reputable company 
Like one of the biggest 
I mean, they are a pretty big pharma company 
Ye
Why do you get to do this!? I want to do it 
Wow. That's cray 
PharmD or intern? 
My team just sucks 
It really was an ugly week 
Logan beat me on a caption pick last week and Brian this week 
I suck at captain picks 
Brian, those were great team goals and Payet is a beast
Zach that is hilarious 😂😂😂
Craig, loftys-cheek scored 
I want to say so much to encourage you to watch it but I could never spoil it 
I don't remember the first twenty minutes because so much has happened since then 
You definitely need to give it another chance 
2nd season is great 
You need to let me know when you finish it so we can talk about it 
Niel, this show is incredible 
Oh my gosh. You are in for SO many twists 
Everyone, please do yourself a favor and watch daredevil.
Ironic 
Is that supposed to be iron because of your profile pic 
Trailer park boys reference 
It's badminton 
And we rarely get to use it in the winter because the basketball team needs all three gyms to practice for 22 guys 
So for the third week in a row, open gym is cancelled 
BAGMITTON !????????
I mean. It's open gym. Friday at 6. Always is. And it always gets cancelled because we only have three basketball courts and there is a BAGMITTON TOURNAMENT 
ONU sucks 
Public service announcement 
I'm dying at every post. This is the best trolling I've ever seen 
Everyone that uses Reddit. Go to the Ken M subreddit. It is freaking hilarious 
No, why? 
https://media2.giphy.com/media/CaBVSfEzY0XxS/giphy.gif
Like talking talking 
You guys talking?
I can't believe that we been messing with the same girl 
Bro, she playing us 
She is talking to you too!!!!?
Wait......
https://media3.giphy.com/media/KbKqmaMCsVQNq/giphy.gif
It would be 7 or 730
It sucks that that is the case but come one now. 
No one watches women's soccer besides the World Cup. There is no more money to give them 
20
I saw. I don't know how much merit it has though 
Sweet. I will order them after class
So he is in!
But definitely by April fourth 
Presale ends in four days so the sooner the better. I would like to order at noon at the latest 
How long does he need 
What soccer team is Ecclesiastes anyways. Chile Serie A?
@Craig Casto Who dis chick? She bout to get her request deleted. You at least gotta be an 8 to be my Facebook friend 
I have 4 grand saved to my name. That's it
https://media3.giphy.com/media/UrXMuRyPBKhOw/giphy.gif
I would do it all just to make sure it is right then give him 0 percent on participation 
I hate group projects 
Rekked
Sounds good to me 
I can wait to buy them. I'm still waiting in Craig to see if he wants to go 
When will Curtis know? 
My bank thanks you 
God bless 
Whatever works for you 
nicholas_casto@yahoo.com
It will be 48 bucks a ticket with the charges included 
I will order them at 3pm today. Everyone think about it and get back to me. I'm buying tickets for:

Niel
Craig
Brian
Logan
McCoy 
So I guess tickets would actually be 48 bucks after fees
I'm ordering 6 tickets 
So it's going to be 300 bucks. How fast can everyone get me money 😁
We in C deck row 30.... Is that okay with everyone?
35 bucks 
Who wants a ticket to PSG v Madrid 
Are you serious...
We on the ultralight beam 
YEEEET
Score?
That sucks B
Damn :/ 
He really did. Was Finlay offside? 
A Wednesday 
July 27
Well that was the plan since I won't see anyone between today and tomorrow 
Let me know, I order tomorrow 
Cheapest is 35 bucks and next jump is 70. I'm thinking we all do 35?
I can get up to twenty tickets for PSG and Madrid 
I'll leave in an hour so be ready hombre 
When will you be done again? 
Do you want to get food or am I eating on the way down 
Logan where do you want me to pick you up at? 
I'll let you know the price and then everyone can tell me if they want me to get them a ticket or not. Then we all will
Be together 
I'm pumped. Also, I get pre sale on the ICC game and I think it said I get to order go to twenty tickets 
I'm leaving here at two. So that works for me 
When are you done with classes?
And I would seriously murder Klinsmann 
I would seriously cry 
I know.... I would cry tomorrow 
If we lose and Trinidad and Tobago wins against st Vincent and Barbados... Neither Guatemala or T and T have to win a game to eliminate the US :/
Pharmacist are alchemists. Still considered studying in my opinion 
March Madness Champ also agrees
Can't see all my haters 
https://media2.giphy.com/media/100SPyKImgpJMQ/giphy.gif
Everyone rooting against me rn
https://media2.giphy.com/media/dyTWBF7oOkmNa/giphy.gif
Dynasty 
Listening* 
Gold 
I'm on rap chat and I'm kissing to all the dis tracks I did on Craig 
Boomer sooner 
https://media0.giphy.com/media/5xtDarE56HjPmZttXQQ/giphy.gif
Shut it 
We can't have McCoy win everything 
Brian you need another late season charge in epl
He got 3 last week 
And my two wins came against Craig and Niel 
I have the least amount of points 
I hate my team tbh
I forgot about the dbl game week
Giovinco
Tough match ups 
Look how many points Craig has and he has no points lol 
Grandma also is awake 
Craig. Door is unlocked 
I'm last man standing and I was going to bed 
Okay. Good thing you texted me 
Yeah 
The last lose to Guatemala 

1988
We are third in the group.... And we haven't even got to the hex yet 
The team is garbage. I can't wait to hear his press conference 
That XI was garbage 
He seriously is an idiot 
I'm done with Klinsmann 
Like what the he'll 
What a miss 
GUATEMALA 
Guatemala.....
This is so bad 
Is anyone watching?
You gotta bury that 
Ale please.....
http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQVWXLJ4y-URd_DYHhWWf6A/live
2-0 Guatemala 
Terrible defending on the corner 
He used to be so in form 
Mix diskerud is trash 
Guatemala is dominating this game 
1-0 in the sixth minute 
But it's in español 
I got a YouTube stream and it's crystal clear 
Diskerud...Castillo....orozco starting???????
Yet we can't fill up mapfre stadium for a WCQ
40,000 went 
25,000 stadium 
Is it an important game or are they revolting 
Why 
Nope 
Well okay then. If you're cool with that then that's what we will do 
You sure 50 is okay for you? Pay what you want, buddy 
I'm leaving class at 2, so I'll be there around 4ish. We can grab food and hit the game if you want 
What works best for you. I know Nathan wanted me to get there a little early to hang out and tailgate a little bit I don't really care where we go. We are in the American outlaws section with him and Robert 
Uhm can you park at osu and I pick you up there and we split parking? I'm going back to school after the game
Back to you Logan. If you want it you can have it. 
Cincinnati is a front runner to get into the MLS!!
Well you two figure it out. It's Tuesday night 
😂😂harsh 
If you really want to pay me for it. Whatever you feel like paying is what I'll give it to you for 
Well you're not going to want to pay what I payed for it and I'm not going to be able to sell it for what I payed for it 
It was bought on accident because I didn't know what I was doing 
It's a long story. 
If you want it 
1-1 on a pk 
Like its free. 
If anyone wants a ticket to the wcq on Tuesday let me know. It's yours to have 
Okay 
It's cool. You can have it 
Are you going to the USA game Craig or no 
And why is it my song? The oxy contin? 
Thanks Craig 
United States have 20 percent possession 
http://www.mlssoccer.com/sites/league/files/imagecache/620x350/image_nodes/2014/11/morris%28FORMATTED%29.jpg
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-ZkHf-Pzu8w8/VFpkQuYR3LI/AAAAAAAAD6A/FtP5ForaL_c/s1600/Biography-of-Toni-Kroos.JPG
Jordan Morris got a Toni Kroos neck 
Andrés Renteria is a baller
Colombia has been more dangerous though 
I'll take it 
That's how you know where your true allegiance lies 
Did you cheer or feel upset 
US soccer trumps: 1
Foreign soccer: 0
Suck it cafeteros
In my opinion. I wanted to like it too but I don't 
Not very good 
Well I need Kansas to lose or I'm torched 
How quickly you all forget 
I thought no one cared about that trophy 
Why does everyone all of a sudden care about march madness 
I look at the u23 roster and j question how we are in this playoff. Sooooo much talent on that roster 
Both are away games aren't they? 
Nationals 
1-1 for the baby mationales
1-0 USA 
ITS GAMEDAY FOR THE US AND BABY NATS 
The chin is a little naked to be Niel 
https://media2.giphy.com/media/CHP6n6dmP2IE0/giphy.gif
I have the Sooners as well 
I cannot wait to go 
And she ghetto 
I would throw daisy at 4 and then move shak down to five 
Beyoncé is a weak number 5 
Ariana grande at number 1!???
I was big on her since elf and 500 days of summer 
OMG I FORGOT DAISY 
I'm not big on Reese 
Emma stone is up there though 
1. Emma Watson
2. Zooey Deschanel 
3. Scarlett Johannsen
4. Shakira 
5. Beyoncé 
The reason I asked was because I'm watching new girl and Zooey is looking sooooo fine 
Mine are all celebrities 
Can't be a current girlfriend either 
What's everyone's top five women 
It's not out yet 
Poser 
Crew game attendance is sloppy at times too. It's frustrating 
From three wing beer at MLS cup final to leaving the entire east upper deck open on a wcq!? What is the problem. We won't keep getting national team games if the stadiums are half empty. 
Columbus fans are pitiful and embarrassing 
How is the WCQ not sold out 
I'm going for sure 
I saw that this morning! 
You can't play better defense 
What a shot 
Screenshot the scores 
I have to go back to school tonight :( 
Yeah. I'll kick them when I get off work 
Brian I miss you 
I swear to god you gay. 
Brian u gay! 
I'll show you my half used bag of flossers when I get back to school 
I'm dead serious 
I do it often but it's not daily 
I do it like every other day 
Mason rn
https://media0.giphy.com/media/ZDoJ0Rj05zqBG/giphy.gif
Pics or it didn't happen,mason
White Iverson 
https://v.groupme.com/17077713/2016-03-20T01:26:55Z/27a13b40.568x320r.mp4
IMG_7241.MOV.mov
Me saucin mason
Because he played for the us in a non official international window, he isn't capped to us 
Wtf Columbus 
I gots to work :(
Why did he not just lay it up...
Niel
Make it 7
  I'm getting there around 6:30
Sounds good to me 
What time you wanna do dis
Sweet 
Welp
Can we get pizza 
If yours want your sexy time then that's cool too 
Well I'll come to just watch basketball if that's cool 
And weed 
I'll buy the liquor 
House party 
That works for me 
That would be a travesty 
That'll be tough without Tate 
I don't have much faith though. The team really is pretty bad 
I don't even know who we play 
We were a new team. We are going to win the NIT!
Bad loss in the first game of the season 
Cincinnati would have been second to last in the big ten. Don't go boasting yet, Niel 
Says the almost Michigan attendee 
Orangemen 
I think it's z dank 
What does the reporter expect him to say. How did Yale score more points than you 
To be fair. He kept Baylor in the game 
Are we doing cedar point this year as well? 
Logan will be in CLE
Why not.
Sure. I'll be out of school then 
You got it bro bro 
But I can sell my ticket and come down 
I try to go to every home game (darker shaded) 
There is my schedule 
I work this weekend. I told you I would come down when I have s free weekend 
Logan when can I come over? Heroclix? 
You guys have been pretty hard on me lately 
Thanks Niel 
I won last year as well
I've won March madness every year we have done it 
I win championships 
No it's not :/
Literally had my blood boiling 
Yes I have. Did you guys see the duke lacrosse one!!? The best one yet....
Why is everyone being mean to me in this chat all of a sudden 
You guys are gay! 
Give me credit 
I made the Yale pick too....
Just face timed Craig. Don't try to do it past 10pm. He is a cranky man 
Elite 8
Logan you wanna chill tomorrow. I work this weekend 
Well that Purdue game really really hurt 
Zach lets hang out tomorrow, Logan is not invited 
And I must have clicked the wrong button when I was making my ESPN one 
I'm so pissed. In my dads work bracket that I win every year, I had Iowa st winning 
Craig I have no idea. You would have to get Logan to answer that 
Feel it 
🔥🔥🔥🔥 burn, Craig 
When is your mom open at osu 
Wanna chill when you get back? 
Brian, I've missed you. Tell Emily I want you back in my life 
Z swag. You coming back home for spring break? 
Hardwood poetry password: 2 Chainzzz
Two more goals and we win the tie!
Thanks anyways! 
It's over
Niel, any updates on the phone or email contact 
And the game starts a 345. Daylight savings B-ri 
Okay. Never mind then 
Our team is looking for other teams to play 
Brian, does Toledo have a men's club team 
I'm the only guy wearing an Arsenal jersey and I've seen 3 different barca kits today 
I'd be okay with that 
I don't see a better coach. Not than man united are a poor team but look at their coaches after Ferguson 
Right now, no 
I was a month ago with pep looking to come to the epl 
And they get red cards because maybe a lack of discipline from the coaching 
The coach has a role in bringing players in...
In all fairness with the money they have, how can't they be a consistent top finisher. Don't get me wrong he is a great coach. But no one plays to be a top finisher year in and year out. Great accomplishment, great coach 
We needed pep. He understands our style 
Only because I don't think there is an upgrade out there yet 
Uhm no 
I think the FO is worried about a manU situation 
Probably not 
I'm really nervous it will get ugly 
Arsenal will throw everything at Barcelona and the flood gates will open 
 Now isn't a good game to watch.
I'm onto you guys 
You guys jumped on the stats train two weeks ago without watching the game 
Barcelona will posses in their defensive have, skew the stats, hit Arsenal on the counter 
Not me 
Cat was her name. I don't like her music as much though :/ but she still has an incredible set of pipes 
I know. In her cute nerdy glasses 
I can't even function 
What a voice 
Like her shak impersonation was good too 
Gave me chills fam 
Anyone see Ariana G slay I will always love you 
Losing Florida and Ohio hurts big time though 
RIP Bernie 
What's funny 
I don't know if it's worth it 
I don't think I'll get a ps4 anymore 
I hate that man 
Anybody watch Doctor oz today? 
Carbs give you lung cancer
Keys to success of triceps 
Dabs
Daps
Dips
I always feel triceps when I work out 
How do you never feel your triceps 
Go to ESPN. Sign in with your ESPN account if you have one. Pick tournament challenge. Find group. 

Group Name: Hardwood Poetry

Password: 2 Chainzzz
Space is needed 
Password is actually 2 Chainzzz
March madness
Hardwood poetry. Password: 2Chainzzz
Why are the playing at Yankee stadium still. This is so bad. 
I hate New York City 
Wow. Good work Nielsen!
Does Brian have his whole team ?
I just ordered one the other day 
No I had work. I sold my ticket 
The crew...
I be working at the pharmacy all day. Happy birthday Dank Daddy Kush 
🔥🔥🔥 feel the bern, Craig. Feel it 🔥🔥🔥
Was standing up the punishment for losing? 
Are you chasing down any more offers? 
I'm sorry man 😔
Wow... That is a total dick move 
https://media1.giphy.com/media/inVvfuomoD31K/giphy.gif
Otherwise I would love to come down 
I really wanna get down there 
 I work this weekend and next weekend 😔
We used to be really good. This year we are awful 
It would just be cool to get smashed and then chill afterwards lol 
Nope 
But thanks for the offer 
Nah. I don't want to play you guys then 
Niel, are you still on the UC club team? Our team is looking for teams to play this spring 
They have sweet retro Suns jerseys too. I also bought about a Reggie Miller pacers jersey 
No. He is a cavs fan. Just liked the supersonics because of the name and colors 
Donnie loves the supersonics and Shawn kemp lol. He always uses him when we play NBA jam so I got him one for his birthday 
I rep the 6 for Aubrey 
I was deciding between Iverson, mutumbo, Wilkins, drexler, tmac, and chamberlain/Johnson. All have sweet retro jerseys. But k liked the raptors the most 
Niel, I will get you the t Mac one and we can be 1 and 2 
I got a Kyrie Irving one too 
This jersey was 10 dollars no lie 
Already showed dad. He said he is still one of my favorite jerseys 
Ali express baby
https://media2.giphy.com/media/xTiTnECtUJGPBx10Zi/giphy.gif
Know I'm saying mah fukahz
I was like bish. One hit from dis dick and you gone have more feelings than the world when they heard for the first time Whitney Huston hit that high note in I will always love you. Make you feel some type of way. You cute and all but I don't lay the pipe for nothing  
She tryna tell me she don't have no feelings. 
That's what I'm saying 
But I ain't gonna do it 
It's super tempting 
College athlete too
She has a body 
It just came out of left field 
She got a boooty
She isn't hot but she is attractive 
What is going on 
This girl in my pharmacy class wants to be FWBs
We all go down together 
I work that weekend too :( do t go that one 
Captain 
I got burned on the caption pick. Frig off McCoy 
Granted this is only the first game and it's much easier to come back in this format than an epl 
I don't know how you get last every season 
Niel, how do you pick your team 
I love it 
Cool. 
Where are you? 
That is the best gif I have ever seen 
La bicicleta
WHHHHAAAAA
Ughh. Why 
Why is Higuain not wearing the blacked out copas!?
Hopefully Nguyen or Nagbe can fill a cam role and Bradley can drop back and be secondary but still be a defensive presence 
I agree. But unfortunately he is our best playmaker, so he gets played out of position 
Everyone criticizes Bradley for not producing in the CAM but it's because he tracks back to help out our dmids so often. Michael Bradley is a play maker, but he doesn't just sit at midfield and collect and distribute. He can't play like a true CAM/playmaker because of everything he does defensively 
He played CAM all World Cup yet tracked back to cover JJ, who has no tactical/positional awareness at all 
Like he is the most tactically smart player we have 
Then who would be 
He literally is the general of our midfield. 
I mean what player do we have that can do that 
https://m.soundcloud.com/ehealy/150-roll-widdit
Who would you put in his spot. 
Because I find him to be a pretty important piece in our line up 
I will forever be a Michael Bradley advocate 
Look how many touches he fields compared to everyone else 
Everything runs through Michael Bradley 
Why does everyone hate Bradley.....
Top three in the conference or league? 
We aren't the only good team though. This is MLS, a league built so that the same team doesn't win every single year. We should expect to make it to the cup but it isn't like we are entitled to it. A lot of teams got really good 
Well they are doing the ring, banner, pre match celebration/honoring so we should be ticked 
Bear cans are a little aggressive don't you think? 
I only said that scoreline because we are away team. I definitely think with villafaña gone, Finlay will have a much better game 
How did palace lose that game 
I second McCoy's predictions 
I also love the team name, Niel. New season, new Niel 
Logan, your team name is incredible!!!!
If he signs up 
I thought mine was decent. I hope no one has used it before 
Good team. I wouldn't want to face you week one 
Jermaine jones too 
Break out season 
Pick up jozy
Match madness starts next weekend 
I own it 
The race to the supporters shield starts tomorrow 
Last warning fellas 
Don't forget MLS fantasy 
And would use it 
 I'm just kidding. That really is a decent idea. But how many Americans know what a pulse oximetry is 
Make an app that uses your phone light to predict when you will die 
Make an app that used a light to measure levels of urea in your blood 
Yeah Logan 
I looked at your roster this morning and I was very optimistic about gaining more ground. Touché my friend. Touché 
Everyone on mccoys team scored a goal 
Way to go coon man
Park the bus 
Fuck off, Arsenal 
What a goal...
Good work, dank
https://m.soundcloud.com/ehealy/150-roll-widdit
These guys are pretty good if you're looking for some chill music
It sucked 
Yeah. And there were no other club teams to go out for 
Worst club team ever 
 Our pride team sucked 
Logan I'm home next weekend for work if you want to chill Friday 
It's like when you have to afk when you're about to destroy the crystal 
It's gay af
Right now 
Shannon Kraus 
I'm going after an older woman 
No
No 
He is actively trying to get me to date Janice's best friend 
Big boy 
And grizzly Adams didn't have a beard 
Is there no Friday game? 
4
The season starts in two days 
Sign up for MLS fantasy 
On my bench as well
Still plays runescape but doesn't listen to the new Kanye album. U Gaye?
Has anyone listened to kanye's album. I never heard back 
Arsenal lost to a u-20 football club today
Just did a couple pop shov it's
I'm in Florida right now for spring break 
Cop starts in the summer 
It's a PlayStation game where you play soccer with cars 
March 27
Beach volleyball too 
 Gotcha 
What is RL4L
I'm getting my ps4 after spring break which is this week 
To what....
That's what I want to know 
 Why are we using black 
381-422
I think you make a team and then join private league and type in the code 
Do you have the code? 
This crest seems too generic 
Looks like a training top to be honest 
Yeah I saw this like two days ago 
https://media3.giphy.com/media/cgOD2EGFX6qbe/giphy.gif
I hate this group chat 
You all are jerks 
https://media1.giphy.com/media/11XfFHtiHwG52w/giphy.gif
March Madness winner the last three years: Nick
Supporters shield: Nick
Recap from last year:

Last place: Niel

Free for all with match ups every week 
Nope 
Well you have a week ;)
You guys get into fantasy MLS okay?
New deal for Neymar
They got rid of showing games on time warner sports and now the games are on the CW so more people can watch it 
I'll stop 
I'm digging myself a hole 
I'm pretty sure his parents are Vietnamese! Or does Emily's heritage not come from Vietnam. 
This isn't who I really am 
I apologize Emily 
I'm going to hell. 
Has she seen lee Nguyen?
Who is her second? 
Galaxy looking good so far 
Good job, Brian. 
Grammar extraordinaire 
If anyone has a a benji to spend and wants to go to a WCQ or knows anyone that wants to go. Let me know 
Shut up, Brian 
Champions league 
And Colombian pace 
What a free kick by Dempsey 
I don't know. The whole first half barca didn't really attack. They were just passing it in their half to tire out Arsenal for the second half. It worked. Arsenal was playing more direct. 
At the end of the game, fox sports had the shots like 8-9 in favor of Barcelona and the had 2 more shots on goal 
You guys didn't even watch the game...
They had more chances than Barcelona, honestly 
Arsenal just dicked around with the ball in Barcelona's half. Literally we got the ball on the touch line, went all the way back to midfield get countered on 
Anybody watching this game? 
Ramsey is playing soooo badly. 
jfc chamberlain. Put that away😩
Arsenal doing okay so far
If the email isn't working just go to find private league and put in the code: 381-422
How about now 
Did you get the emails? 
We lost our final for game by three in overtime 😔
It's now names Logan's league to avoid confusion 
Yeah 
Your house? 
Are you staying on campus McCoy? 
Really? 
Who is living in Columbus this summer 
League name: Clevelancastinati
The code to join the league is 381-422
Check your emails
Anyone know anyone that would like to play? 
Are we just doing the normal squad? 
Is that ya boo's email? She can play if she wants. I have no problem getting an extra three points when I play her 
I need everyone's email for MLS fantasy 
In ready for osu 
Got some tru sox for 3 dollar a pair from China 
I'll miss you guys when you're all grown up, living in Malibu beach houses and mountainous log cabins. 
I will leave it at this
http://images.liveluvcreate.com/create/f/forever_to_say_goodbye_2-33492.jpg
Don't let me hinder your untapped potential and dreams 
Bird can't fly in his cage. I get it Logan 
Sun don't shine in the shade, fellas 
I'm cool. Everything is okay. We good 
That's dramatic 
Dramatic? Dramatic is leaving your friends forever 
I don't care anyways 
Leave 
Life sucks 
What the f
Ughhhh
 Oh my gosh 😑
In ready 
Watch a game, play some volleyball in between the double game day fixtures. Kelly's sweet pink lemonade and banana bread waiting on the counter. 
Your house will be the hot spot this year 
And Euro viewing parties!
I cannot wait 
Copa America viewing parties!!!
 Brazil has such an easy group. Arg vs chile will be cool to watch 
We need optimism! 
I love how Reddit already asked if we don't get out of the group do we fire Klinsmann 
Only because we were the host. The second pot was the next highest ranked conmebol. The third was remaining concacaf and fourth was remain in conmebol. I think that was the break down 
Yep. 
But we aren't that good. Talent wise we shouldn't have even been in the first pot 
It is one of the hardest groups. Tough draw 
I was sarcasm 
Easy group 
are you getting an Xbox one? 
Dude my car I use like Fred flinstone. Got calluses on my feet from braking to holler at the babes. Why all these young kids getting nice whips? I'm in a hoopty, base so muddy call my car swampy lil nig can't even get to 60mph w/o humming and Ben in a new acura and Craig got a brand new Hyundai. When you win the super bowl and get geico for you money. Baby car crib is bigger than he is but I can even afford to my car a new stereo? Wtf 
Rookie 
If only you had the muddy bass
Good stuff
Ohhh. Mom showed me that 
Is that a Kia?
Why'd you name her after an ex gf
You're going to be a teacher? 
Mars isn't even real 
Those were the lunar missions 
Burn 
Your ideas are polluting, McCoy 
What was it in? 
https://media1.giphy.com/media/4tA3DsLypxtXW/giphy.gif
http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1815718/images/o-RONALDO-facebook.jpg
That picture is disturbing 
@Zach Spangler Has rape sticked every one of us at least once 
Does Kanye love Kanye 
It's okay 
We all like girls 
We all have it in us 
It's okay to be a little gay 
Just got done at the gym 
Anyone wanna see my abs 
Does the like the Arsenal then  
Does he have a favorite bundesliga team 
How long did that take?
Dude that is baller!!
Intramural basketball game and the benches are getting cleared 😂😂  I amount to nothing lol. We're all scrubs. I pick fights in pick up basketball 
Like you couldn't write it any better 
And swished it 😂😂😂
Then laid a dagger in his heart via grandma casto's jump shot 
Told this little boy to look at me when I talk to him. 
Like I was taking the free throw and he was on the top block for box out on the free throw when I said it 
Nerds*
The Robin Hood of the hardwood. Take from the football players, win for the pharmacy needs
F the football players 
The hero Ada needs
Easily the best accomplishment of my life 
And we beat the football players 
We won by four and we in the final four 
I SWISHED A GRSNNY SHOT FREE THROW TO THROW SO MUCH SHADE 
Me after the granny shot 
https://media3.giphy.com/media/7XDmPMtNgvDlC/giphy.gif
So we in the elite 8. We play the football team who are just complete trash. Like lowering shoulders on screens. Running through us on our screens (we are 6 white scrawny pharmacy kids). They literally elbow our best player with a minute left and his lip was sooo bloody. Then they tried to pick a fight with this one kid because their player grabbed his shirt and threw him down by his collar because they needed to foul so we would shoot free throws. So I get in their face and start saying choice words. Fast forward to 3 seconds left and we are up by two and I'm at the line. I drain the first free throw. I kid you not, I look this kid in the eyes and say you wanna start something? He said "what the f** you say pussy?" And I said I'll see you next year then and I granny shot this free throw and hit nothing but nylon and then shit hit the fan. 
https://media0.giphy.com/media/IHM7nuJaR65MI/giphy.gif
Pants, shirts, jacket 
It wasn't the worst song I heard. I love all the ripped off crew apparel lol 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fp-c10_VURE
Official rapper of the Columbus Crew. Hypno Carlito
Fair enough 
But you don't get all four seasons
Smokies 
Tennessee Niel 
If you go to the mountains you're a long drive from the beach 
You get all four seasons 
You want mountains, your 5 hours from mountains 
You get everything in Ohio though 
I would never want to leave 
Even if I didn't have family. Columbus is incredible 
That's why they have vacations 
 I hope I never have to leave Columbus 
Bye guys 
Logan is packing up his bags and is going to Cali 
Oh. That's not bad 
Niel, where are you going!?
And never move out west. We can be going to crew games together for the rest of our life
But get on that wait list 
If you got season tickets though, I could always get you into the nordecke 
You're a paying customer 
Beg them 
I think you're right actually 😔
You getting season tickets now that Julie has em ? 😏😊
That's awesome!
What the heck!!! You Colombians are ruthless!
 http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2016/02/18/world/colombian-prison-drain-pipes-yield-100-dismembered-corpses/#.VsUHZsfidNk
Good talk, Brian 
😂😂😂 what 
Brian! Kanye drops a lexapro reference on one of his songs 
We don't need head gear 
https://media0.giphy.com/media/WKFeX7WuKK5Ko/giphy.gif
This has been ignored too long. I must put him in his place 
I have to prove myself. A man never backs down from a fight 
Craig, when are we boxing 
Ye ye proud of you cray cray 
I'm proud of you Craig 
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Were all your songs in slow motion/chopped/screwed?? 
Do you have premium 
LORD IS GOING TO CHINA 
Are we in pot 1 because we are hosting? 
What do you guys think of the copa centenario pots? 
They mad they're still nameless 
They just mad they ain't famous 
I eat the booty and I'm not ashamed 
😂😂😂
They just signed lavezzi
 I want a Chinese super league jersey for the jersey exchange next year 
I love the new Kanye 
I love the old Kanye 
I really do like it 
Brian is strictly a loser then 
Kanyes new album 
Everyone listen 
You'll have to go to tidal and match the songs up 
Like I think waves is actually real friends 
The names aren't right on all of them though 
This album is incredible 
https://t.co/jVirbhgrNd?ssr=true
😂😂😂
Why the bottom half of your face have more sides than an octagon bruh 
Just looks scary 
Cavani is literally just evil 
Some soccer fan you are 
https://media3.giphy.com/media/2IFXZDePUQAAU/giphy.gif
https://media0.giphy.com/media/xfD6mEBfQM3wk/giphy.gif
I dabble 
I like your fashion, Niel 
The sock game is too strong. The off blue with the mocs in comparison to the suit. Doesn't match your shirt at all but is screams I'm a second cousin from the color palette I'm wearing, and I know what I'm doing. 
Damn. I didn't know cover men for GQ live in the Nasti natti
I've never seen him with her and I see him quite a bit
Were they dating coming into college or is she visiting?
Then she do probably be her 
Do she got the brown hair 
I see him
He is on a date 
Wyatt Messerly is one a one on one date with a cutie
Dat guy welbz>  deli alley
We all have him. It doesn't mean anything if he does well unless someone captained him 
http://i40.photobucket.com/albums/e227/bighmdub/KeepLondonTidy_zps98f588cb.png
It's what they get for benching Guzan 
That's huge 
What an important goal 
I want to beat a time on full strength
I just hate scoring when up a man 
PS.4 the birthday I'm getting a PS4
Update the spank bank 
Ohh. I'll wait for the magazine probably 
Are you drunk? 
Huh?
How did Real Madrid not sign me into their youth academy 
At age three guys, I just started going for it 
Finishing had to be 99?
Nickenfenwa
I know. I'm pretty good 
Natural position 
Damn straight. Box to box midfielder 
Ya boi scoring goals since 96' https://v.groupme.com/17077713/2016-02-14T01:59:25Z/38d758a8.568x320r.mp4
Yesssss😍😍😍
Newcastle is your new Fifa team 
He transferred over in the winter 
Yeah. 
I have two defenders not playing....
Rt if u cri
Wow. Props. That would take me years 

It is better than pretty good.... Are you crazy 
 He named the album after Pablo Escobar 
Listen to real friends. It's so good
Yeezy album 
 It was supposed to 
Like I physiologically depend on it 
I need life of Pablo to come out 
Yeah he is rumored to be going to inter
He can control an entire game if he wants to 
Yeah. Zabaleta is up there in age. Toure I feel they have a love hate relationship 
And zabaleta 
How do you feel about Toure most likely on the way out from city? 
Look at Chelsea 
They should. But weird things happen 
Our defense got so much better that last half since we got afful and suaro. It will be nice to have them for a full season 
It should be close though!! 
I don't know. Red bulls are still loaded and then the Galaxy 
Did you see Jac mac get in a fight in a preseason game today with RSL?
It's what being a fan is all about 
I know 😩 it sucks. But you gotta have faith this year 
The league would have to move away from a single entity though and that would create a dynasty for the la/ny/Orlando/Seattle of the world
But I hope we eventually get there for soccer 
Every mlb team as an affiliate for triple a all the way down to single a 
The Indians basically own the clippers players 
Like the clippers are a branch of the Indians 
Well farm teams are affiliations so you can't do that 
Yet at least 
I want promotion and relegation. I just don't think soccer is big enough here to do it 
Like Portland, Seattle, Orlando came to USL
If not, just as good 
Officially, NASL is recognized as 2nd tier. But USL really isn't that far behind 
Well there is a huge debate on that 
The only way you will play the cosmos is if you schedule a friendly or in US open cup 
Cosmos are in NASL
There are like 30 in the USL
Louisville city is their number one rival!!!!
I am 100% going as long as like something work or school related comes up and I'm excited 
I would be down there the whole weekend and we can chill as much as you are allowed ;)
If she minds it's okay! I can easily find somewhere to stay. 
Just an old friend 
Or I could ask Maggie 
Also, could I stay the night at your place or would zach's be better 
Tickets are only ten bucks but I'm pretty sure you can get them for 5. Can you look int that? I don't mind paying ten bucks if that's the case 
I planned on it but I have work for the opener 
But I want to go to the inaugural game too😩
Answer me 
I will be there as long as I don't have work 
Rivalry game 
April 16 is the game I want to go to 
NIEL
Anyone else coming to my birthday party? 
But I can honestly get there whenever 
Around 4 
Logan what is the plan tomorrow for my birthday party 
How many jealous 
How many of us 
Real friends 
http://www.breatheheavy.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/kanye-west-real-friends.jpg
Adidas gets a say in it though 
 Good 
How long do we keep this jersey? Just a year or until we are allowed a new jersey 
We aren't the first to do a flag idea though 
You didn't even know what it was 
Answer: no one 
Who cares about the city flag 
Well the flag is terrible 
They should've just done an all white kit with a yellow Barbasol 
No baby blue and I would be okay with it 
The shorts are what kill it for me. Like just make them white 
I want the home jersey every year for as long as it changes 
I'll still get it most likely

I really wanted to get the jersey for my birthday too
These are bad 
Why does it seem like precourt has no knowledge of the kits. Stumbling over how he is to describe them. 
Looks like I'm going with a black one this year 
The yellow are for sure the tertiary kit 
The city flag is bottom left of the jersey 
It's supposed to be based on the city flag 
I'm literally upset 
Oh my gosh 
The new leaked crew jersey is sooooooo ugly 
Is anyone else trying to get WCQ tickets in Columbus? 
Nah. He came out with them forever ago 
Before the crew logo came out, this guy made 28 crests of what he would like to see and this was one of them 
Did I tell you guys I'm a season ticket holder and I get great perks? 
I'm so excited for this season 
Guys I love this crest 
He got so red in the face 
I asked if he went to poontown
We chillin 
@Zach Spangler Isaac kissed his girlfriend!! 
I asked to go with you Niel 
My mom wouldn't let me go to pharmacy school there lol 
And they complain crew attendance is bad
Yeah it is lol like I'm sure they would let us in free at this point 
Come over and watch, fam
FS1
Against Canada 
Yeah
The attendance has sucked for these friendlies. Abysmal 
Trapp has been in so many infographics 
No Trapp.... Jones at CB and diskerud is starting? WTF
Yep 
Multiple times 
We are at my sisters basketball game and duane stood up, whipped and nae naed....
Go figure 
Was the article written by a woman 
https://media2.giphy.com/media/10Gp0wzMg4LB0A/giphy.gif
That's how you get funding. Right?
Besides Bernard 
Well what presidential candidate isn't 
I wanna see 
https://media0.giphy.com/media/NkBuOCNdwqP5K/giphy.gif
Real G's don't back down Niel 
Niel you really should have challenged him to a rap battle. Winner gets to stay in the apartment  
But Larry Barry just wanted a new pair of sperry's. But Larry Barry scared he ain't gonna marry. 
https://media2.giphy.com/media/111aqan7Hnw56E/giphy.gif
This guy is not a gangster. His real name is Larry. And Larry berry is real real hairy. And Larry berry loves night rides on the ferry. This guy don't wanna battle he shook. 
Things were getting kind of hairy for Larry. But for Neil it was scary 
Chris was his fence probably 
That is really freaky
Niel, be safe 
Zach, do you get free bagels or no 
Is it high? 
I'm white suburbia. 
What does wacked out mean
Someone did that to Baylee's apartment too and it freaked her out 

I'm glad you guys are okay. That is really really scary. 
9 milli above the go wire?
Niel, do you pack heat?
Like on accident or a thief/murderer 
What...
I'm really sorry 😔
Best friends reunited 
I'm sorry guys...
Jesus... That stuff tears me up. Like I feel like it was my dog. Was it chron's diseases? 
Why. 
How
 What...
GPA= Good Pharmacist Attenuator 
We would be rich 
Brian if we started the next cvs....
I've never made dean's list like all my fellow comrades in this chat 
I only have a 3.21
You wouldn't want me as a business partner 
I want to be a professional athlete 
I literally have been pretty close to just going to apply to med school 
We're under appreciated 
Back off 
I'm a pill pusher 
I can't be the only one not to get my masters out of the group 
I want to do one now 
It's called the illuminati 
Niel. You can write articles and not be a journalist 
I can't stand MUN either. But I need you to represent me and my fellow colleagues goals and desires and make MUN great again. 
You think the presidential candidates like the US as it is now? No. That's why they do something about 
BECASUE YOU CHANGE IT INTO SOMETHING YOU SO LIKE 
The hero the Rhine needs but the hero it doesn't deserve 
The Rhine needs a hero Niel 
You have to do that! 
Wow....
I was thinking man united 
I was just on google looking up what that was 😂
This galaxy team....
But rare words give you an advantage on tiebreakers
Is just like scattegories or whatever but you have as much time as the person took before you to answer them. So I can answer one and stop it in 6 seconds and then you have six seconds to get one or more or I can try to answer them all and then you get that time limit to answer them all
It's called stop 
Thanks Craig for getting me that rare word bonus
Injuries like that always suck.  Especially when it is a top performer. It ruins everything if you keep him on the team long enough his value drops 
Brian take the phone away from your girlfriend, again 
That means you're on the gay train 
My fantasy hopes die with every Arsenal dropped result 
Arsenal just cannot score. They have been beating down the door for 48 minutes now 
Correct Brian 
The touch was ridiculous but one on one with the keeper? Forster has made really good saves though 
You picked de bruyne
Özil has missed three sitters. All inside the 6 
Good to see followers with the Aguero captain pick. A league of disparity 
Great captain pick Brian. The man that is out two weeks will surely get you a lot of points 
Buzzeslikeafridges comment has my dying. 

😂😂
You're a warmballer now, Brian 
We are genetically more superior and physical in comparison to pele and George best, etc 
I don't like doing all time comparisons 
I wish Messi played in the PL during his prime
 You watch kicktv now? 
I thought you hated it 
He just won the ballon  D'or. There are no excuses if he game 
There are players older than him that have done it in the PL 
Man up Messi 
The fact there was Messi rumors to city before pep makes these rumors even more plausible 
Not a good showing from our crew boys though :(
Goods and bads to take away 
Why is Tchani wearing under armor clears now. Is he sponsored ?? 
Yeah, not a good day for zardes. He usually kills it or is abysmal in national team games. No in between 
 Altidore's first touch has been major poopy
Well that was poop 
I want to see him do well so badly 😩
Finlay is getting smashed on Reddit lol 
He can only beat mediocre talent 1v1
But all his critics say he is one dimensional 
He has not played well for sure. He will probably struggle to get call ups unfortunately 
Michael Bradley is a baller. Such a good passer
Lee Nguyen has looked pretty good I think 
What the F
ZARDES 
Zardes is invisible 
Good job Brian 
He is a young defender. I don't mind him. 
Finlay touch a little heavy there
Just curious 
How is Nagbe not starting over Nguyen 
Your contributions to the group chat has been JB, 1d, and keeping up with the ksrdashians 😂
Has your girlfriend had your phone all weekend? 
Brian what is happening to you 
He is suspended and no club teams want him 
I'm happy with the line up but ditch jones for literally anyone 
I think zardes will be a false 9 then? 
It makes no sense to me. 
Right now 
He is suspended 6 games... And doesn't have a club team which means it will have to be international. He adds nothing to our lineup right 
Why is jones still starting 
Michael orozco is trash
We can choose whether to do head to head or overall like PL
I want to 
Actually a 1-1 draw 
1-0 Iceland 
Only because Baylee loves JB. Like the only reason I like his new album is because she played it constantly. Otherwise it's a good song 
I hate it 
Love yourself has been stuck in my head for a month now 
What games are you watching 
I'm what contest 
He will have 0 flair 
He is a defensive mid
Wil Trapp should 100% play and if Jurgen plays him out on the wing again I will kill him 
USA v Iceland today 
You all are my best friends 
Happy birthday, alejo. You are my best friend. 
https://media2.giphy.com/media/2sty4NBlR3Xfq/giphy.gif
Boring weekend now 
Lame 
Is this fa cup weekend or is pl?
I'm glad someone got the obscure reference. I was scared no one would 
I'm obsessed with thick women cus my aunt she rode equestrian 
Du bist eine milchen 
Pato muerto en el lago
It's all spin and no smash 
Watching two brazilians at my school play ping pong, both utilizing the pen grip. It might be an international thing
Match. First home match isn't until April 
I know! I have been reading up on them. They look like they will be a pretty damn good team. And I'll come down otherwise! You just need to tell me a weekend and I need to make sure it's a relatively light weekend for me 
FC Cincinnati plays at nip pert. The new USL team? If you go to UC, tickets are 5 dollars... I want to see a game 
You and me like our days at Hamilton, playing basketball in the meadows 
Niel! I have a proposition to hang out!!!!
I want to go to a game so badly 
This copa America tournament will be interesting to watch 
I don't know about that still. We weren't supposed to get out of the group last World Cup and we did. Jurgen hasn't played the same lineup in back to back games since the World Cup. He is always throwing people around. I want to have a lineup with out best players and I think we can still hang with average European countries 
I don't know how much of these prospects are from Bradley's regime but you're right. Our youth prospects are not so hot 
Our youth is supposed to be what Jurgen is so good with. He is adamant we aren't good enough know which is true. But if there is not advancement in the youth system then he really needs to go 
Christian Pulisic is making some waves over in Dortmund 
I think Geoff Cameron is our best player right now. Why did Jurgen wait so long to call him in 
No Fabian Johnson!? 
Not prospects or on the future. I mean at this second of January the 27th 
Who are our top five national team players today? 

I don't know if he is actually worse though. I mean I think brazillians just choose to field younger level talent 
Also, Matt Miazga to Chelsea? That's pretty big 
http://espnfc.com/soccer-transfers/story/2795019/alexandre-pato-arrives-in-london-to-seal-chelsea-loan
Like that is still a prime age for soccer. That is crazy 
Unless the article on ESPN is wrong 
How 
26....
Anyone wanna guess how old Alexander Pato is? 
I saw we do Kelleys island or put in bay again. Good memories are there 
I would love to do a camping trip 
We can do whatever. Camping is very cheap if we wanted to do an extended weekend. 
We went to Kelleys Island a few years ago with Zach and it was incredible 
Or kelleys island 
Put in bay for a weekend! 
I'm down for something else but my family is going that week so I'm for sure going that week 
Haven't heard from Niel 
Craig is in 
If so is the place we had last year okay again? 
Is myrtle beach just going to be Julie, Logan, McCoy this year? 
Thanks homie 
Logan are my Hurley phantoms at your house? 
I haven't heard anything about him 
We only have two rosters forwards
Why not just keep j Mac then 
Like why 
Trash actually 
I read that this morning. Not really thrilled 
Kei hasn't reported to training camp yet... Contract dispute 😳
That's pretty baller! Good work Lexi 
I was trying to think of a player with the last name Liam 
Oh those are all names of the crabs 
Who is the number ten?
Out have more animals than Noah had on the arc he supposedly built 
https://media3.giphy.com/media/qdomms1Kdx8Yg/giphy.gif
I'm in a long ass lab learning how to do mouth to mouth recitation 
Logan what's the hockey schedule for the month of February
That was fun last year!! Then we can go egg Baylee's apartment and lite a sack of dog poop and put it on the porch and ring the doorbell 
Ohio state hockey game again 
Everyone is separated 
Haha i can't 
February 15th 
Everyone is trying to get me drunk already 
And some coke. Lots of nose candy 
Tables dancers 
Maybe get a couple babes 
Guys if I have a 21st birthday party will you come. I'm think about pizza and soda pop and some video games 
https://media3.giphy.com/media/LVsmysvGBiZEs/giphy.gif
Why don't you go head and hit that total button 
Rob is a very cool awesome 
The ol fake out 
I'm suing for libel and slander 
I KNOW RIGHT? Like I literally was the one that gave her Logan's number and Logan actually got upset with me and she is going to bad talk me. 
She is trying to fulfill the hero's quest myth
I never said that Logan wouldn't give her the time of day. 
She definitely fabricated some of the stuff I said 
Jk. I'm fine guys 
Some say I'm desperate too 
Some say she is bad news 
 Ex of mine 
Maggie called me today and we talked for an hour if anyone cares 
You can sign in with your cable provider and then you get to pick any game you want to watch 
I watch it online and stream it to the tv 
You and Logan have 
Because I've never had a beard 
You're isis, Brian 
From özil 
Jesus guys 
I never said they would die 
I literally wouldn't feel bad if isis kidnapped the entire team and we never saw them again 
I hate Chelsea
I'm seriously pissed right now 
F Arsenal 
I started  giroud 
Wow 
That's the second time this year we have gone down to ten men inside 20 minutes 
I hate Chelsea. Why can't Arsenal ever have a decent game 
Someone talk to me. I need friends 
Logan, what did you decide on the app? 
It's making it so much more interesting 
Smart move making it so we can have multiples of the same player 
This fantasy race is going to be really good 
https://media3.giphy.com/media/10UUe8ZsLnaqwo/giphy.gif
He is so good 
Dimitri Payet is probably my favorite player not on Arsenal in the PL
Way to make up for it coon
F me 
 Aguero😩😩😩
I got the coon as my captain 
I only got to watch the last ten minutes but I was still satisfied
Hat trick from deli alli or Scott dann I'm hoping 
I almost transferred him in for Willian and I didn't. Now I for sure am 
What a great week to transfer in Steven Mignolet
Bold prediction: I will win fantasy this week 
They love me in the chi like MJ
I do. It's pretty sweet now 
Rate them on sexual performance 
Holds data about the number of girls you slept with 
Map out where your Eskimo brothers are 
Genius idea for an app 
 EBDB 
SHIVA KAMINI SOMAKANDARKRUM
What does the app have to be? 
I am just kidding. I only saw it on sportscenter. 
I saw it on sportscenter 
League 
Big rivalry 
TSM v CLG TODAY BABY 
He has an internship in Cleveland 
We found this out January 1-3
You're never around 
Me rn
https://media2.giphy.com/media/Nd7vwCzyVnBS0/giphy.gif
Don't go 😔 you guys are all I have 
How often will you come down 
I just realized that Logan can't play footy at OSU this summer 😔
 Many fantasy team sucks and I have no girlfriend. This sucks 
That girl😍😍😍😍
Ni hao
You're the Somalian at osu that thinks he is German 
They won't officially sign them but they will still commit to players and once the ban lifts everyone signs like barca 
Well Barcelona had the same ban yet they had Ardan Turan signed and what not 
Waste 
All because Harry used the resurrection stone.  
I know 😩😩😩😩
https://media0.giphy.com/media/14646FJszSkjZe/giphy.gif
Because I go to a liberal arts college and they demand a pharmacist gets a liberal arts degree 
Just kidding 
This god stuff is getting old real quick and it's day two 
My teacher is Chinese and I  can't understand her 
 I have religion class too!!! It sucks 
Never been on in my life 
I had Defoe as well on my bench. Are we doing fantasy this year for MLS? 
I have one 
Everyone else has 2 or three

And one assist 
Clean sheets
There you go Brian 
I have Defoe on my bench though 
Too bad Niel has him on his bench 
WHAT A BEUT FROM THE MEATY FRENCH FOREHEAD
But he is stable now 
Drug overdose 
The oldest player to ever play in the World Cup 
A Colombian goalkeeper 
Faryd Mondragon tried to commit suicide...
Imma call Baylee anyways and say 
I've been drinking so much
She said she don't have the time to kick it no more 
I've sinking xo. 
Tell me have you heard that lately 
I'm just saying you could do better 
You've had one player play 
Or the Eyes of March will get you 
Draft your teams 
Yeah 
I want a ps4 
I'm watching Donnie play Star Wars battlefront and it looks incredible 
I have to destroy you in Fifa over summer somehow 
Now I have to get a ps4!
Wait Logan, did you get a ps4!?
I get a notification from ONU I have a package, thought it was my cosmos jersey. False alarm. I didn't get a package 
Wood she be able to give you the game 
The only reason we would let go of a back up is to sign a backup aka falcao
Jmac to Portland Timbers :/
We didn't even go over the syllabus. She said it's the same as last semester except for dates of quizzes and we started notes 
That's why we have each other 
 The world is a dangerous place boys. 
Wow 
Has anyone seen the pictures of the 14 year old that tyga got caught sexting?
My mom has the game and newspaper ready 
Now Mac 
First Baylee 
The people most important in my life are leaving 
I'm sad actually 
Whenever I get out of the hospital. I should be at Meijer at 4 at the latest 
Yeah. I have a lot of school stuff to do as well 
And yeah. I was thinking sleepover tonight 
I could always bring it to Meijer and you could pick it up there 
I don't know when I'm getting it to you since I am at work now, then I go straight to Meijer depending on the time my preceptor lets me go 
What time are you leaving? 
I also have the limited edition Messi case you got for pre ordering still in the original packaging 
Yeah
Do you have to buy your own router? 
Oh. Well then do much for that idea 
I have work until 9 if we wanna do heroclix of Fifa or something into the night 
Brian when do you leave? 
Anyone home for one more hang out before college? 
Where is da tie 
Niel can you confirm he isn't playing anymore? 
Or is he actually playing 
Aka oh hale no
Am I removing anyone? 
You can draft your fantasy for session two! 
I needed it to be at like noon 😔
I'm working so I'm out 
Craig got a Roma Totti jersey from Logan 
My address is 402 W college Ave Unit#1455 Ada Ohio 45810
What a great choice as well. That's awesome man. Thank you again
I'll let McCoy tell you yours since he got you!
That's pretty sweet!!! Thank you!!
http://i.ytimg.com/vi/FlY4eJZKG6Q/maxresdefault.jpg
 Itz actuly tha red croz seyun they r posutiv u r a fagot 
I'm twenty, having dreams of being single forever,
I'm getting worried. 
I beat them to the light at meijers 
Beat you guys 
I got in 
Because I would like to get inside 
Are you guys home? 
Yeah 
On my way 
I got nothing to do today 
So I can come over? 
What is everyone doing today 
5:50 it is
I have work early in the am 
5:50 is good for me
What time for star wars 
I'm getting in the shower right now. Like if you want nudes 
 I would be up for it 
😔
We haven't seen you in forever 
Come see us 
Just come and get them? When do you go back
I'm doing a ten week program now, starting next week, then going straight into an 18 week program that will lead up a week before race day 
At alum creek 
August 7th 
The crew plus Thomas 
Let's to a triathlon on August 7th
Niel, can you swim?
Swag 
Are we doing star wars Tuesday? 
Zach, where you at
Okay.
Zach, bring Fifa 15
YOU SAID YOU WOULD BE ABLE TO 
Yeah 
That cheap ability my characters have 
Zach, I have Logan in a death trap right now 
Like this if Mystics are faggets 
Whenever you wanna come over. We playing heroclix rn
Niel, when are you coming 
Zach, when are you coming 
Es la leche!
Wake up faggets
Es tiempo para guerra?
Mmkay 
See you boys in the morning 
I don't know if Craig is coming yet 
Well you let me know what that is 
What time will you guys wake up for morning heroclix and coffee 
When can I come over 
He is ignoring us 
All night 
Craig has his phone in his hand 
No one understands 
Craig is a gay boy and needs a week to unpack his stuff 
You tell me when to be there 
I can be there when you guys wake up 
I can come after midnight if you guys want
And nah. I'm not coming. What time can I come tomorrow? 
Bbc 
My family is having a party this year and I don't know if we are expected to be there or not 
I don't think I will be there tonight 
Is everyone hanging out tomorrow night? 
Dang. That stinks 😔
 We trying to plan the myrtle beach trip 
Brian, when are you done with school for the summer 
The Mexican tuxedo boy 
From the man himself 
Craig is out of the Fifa tournament because he needs to be back at school Saturday to unpack 
Dual freeze core fans 
Rubescape. Afk rn
http://as.com/diarioas/2015/12/27/english/1451246054_555718.html
Are we doing New Years at Logan's or no 
Does Toledo use examsoft? 
I can't get it because it messes up examsoft. I don't know if you need that for class or not 
Niel, Baylee broke up with me 
When is the jersey exchange 
I don't think I'm going to come 
My preceptor emailed me and said I need to come in at four not 9
I work 9am to the 9pm tomorrow 
Maybe if I become an astronaut Baylee will take me back 
Switching to aerospace engineering 
I built this 
He is embarrassed now and won't let me take a picture of it 
Jacket and pants 
Aka all denim 
Craig asked and received a Mexican tuxedo for Christmas...
Opened up all my presents, didn't get Baylee back 😔 Santa isn't real. That's the only thing k wanted 
https://media2.giphy.com/media/H6t1qkcmG52Gk/giphy.gif
Baylee was 20 when she broke up with me 
Saucin, saucin, I'm saucin on you 
Yes he did 
I did 
I'm just saying 
Baylee was kind of a red head 
The Galaxy are so top heavy 
It's nicholas_casto@yahoo.com 
Why do you need my email? 
Alejo, why don't you have an ennay
How is the car still running then? How much damage? 
Sounds Gucci 
Is Google wallet and app
Are we doing pizza tonight? Will I need cash? Or does anyone have the venmo app
@Zach Spangler I can stop by your house and pick your stuff up? Have Isaac or Ben or Wendy get it ready if you want 
Sounds good
Yeah to what Craig 
Is this a sleepover or just chill 
The latest I get off is three
Is it possible to do something tonight? 
I got the Lord's jersey 
Actually that's mean. 
I hope someone got you an Omar Gonzalez jersey. How ironic would that be 
That's treason 
Why did he go to pachuca!!
It's Christmas with the grandparents on lake Erie 
Let's do the exchange for sure on the first at some point in the afternoon. I'm almost positive we won't be here that weekend unfortunately 
I'll be home for the first, maybe not the 2-3 
Soccer classic? 
Are we hanging out tomorrow night? 
If you sign on, it tells you how many days you have left to disputed your case 
Did you run out of the protection thing? Did you try to email the seller 
Well I have gifts that were specifically tailored to her that I can't return so what else would I do with it 
Well I work until 3 and go straight to Meijer to work until 9. And I work Tuesday 6-3 then meeting with Baylee to do Christmas presents and end it, and Wednesday I work 6-3
When are we hanging out, guys 
Baylee and I are done 
Nesquik is by far the best. No question 
Sorry boys
I guess it's cool. It was free and I totally forgot about it and three years later I found it 
Brian, I have a pretty cool Christmas gift for you. I got it for you three years ago and forgot to give it to you and I just found it 😂
McCoy is going to dat school right there. 
Niel, you said you couldn't do it on Christmas Eve 
Guys, I'll take a rain check this year. I seriously can't call off sick with this lady. It's a long story 
Known as IPPES
It's not for work. It's for mandatory experiential hours 
I work until 3 😔
https://media3.giphy.com/media/oCETX45OlTCIE/giphy.gif
I am driving home on an hour and I go straight to work at Meijer :(
I would love to but I can't :( 
 NIEL: https://www.reddit.com/r/MLS/comments/3xb3o1/more_from_donovan_on_the_foreignplayers/
You got a five pronged fork attached to your wrist brotha 
https://media3.giphy.com/media/Mo1N4kzl1i69q/giphy.gif
33 literally runs into ONU lol you don't have to do anything 
It's not the hard to get home from here lol. It's two roads 
Just come over and say you wanted to see me! 
Where is everyone working out over break? 
Mah jersey came 
Bro. I put you on ya back bro. Have ya eyes poppin out ya head bro. Give you two concussion in one punch bro.
Do they have a podcast by any chance? Do you know 
Ballin, ballin, Iverson on youuuuuu oh 
Zone* not one 
They can't sit back and counter because they don't score first 😂 they are a basketball team that only plays one and when they switch to man to man they get killed. 
They won't win the league this year 
They have the talent to win the league... They picked up Pedro and returned the whole team 
Mourinho's buyout clause though. Hella expensive. Sucks for Chelsea to have to pay that 
Moyes was gone after one season 
You got your manager sacked too 
Saucin', saucin', I'm saucin' on you
Post Malone is good too
Mourinho is out!
You're a regular 
That's like the third time you've been on there 
Particle physicist
I am crying....
Isaac 😂😂😂😂
Anybody like my signed picture of Kei?
We are planning the soccer classic during the week. I think you'll be fine 
It depends on what my Meijer schedule is for this weekend 
I don't think I will be able to go this year homie 
I work 7-3 every day except eve and Christmas 
That's all I got for you guys 
I work until three on the day before Christmas Eve 
However I think you should get sacked for the foreign courses on you schedule 
Proud of you 
Go Niel!!
What do you think about "foreign" players though 
AND FABIAN JOHNSON. Our best player this year 
The women win the World Cup and everyone still cares about the men's team. I think she is just jealous a little
And she is jealous of the women's pay in comparison to men 
What she said was wrong. But she has some substance 
She has no point then? At all? 
Takes on Abby Wambach's comments? 
What's everyone's work schedule 
Are we doing it on Christmas Eve it moving it up a day for Niel 
It's inconceivable 
How crazy would that be 
Craig, your team sucks. I really hope they get relegated 
For the lucky guy that has the privilege of me picking their jersey 
My jersey is in the United States 
But I don't really know the situation. She is two hours away. I'm just going off what she tells me and her location service 
😔 I know you guys are right. I just can't believe this is happening again 
If they were at each other's apartments. That's different 
They're in public places 
I'm relatively comfortable with it 
I can't do that. I drove down yesterday to take her to dinner and we are fine I guess. She said she isn't going to break up with me. But she wants to be friends with him. I mean she doesn't do anything except work out with him so I can't be mad I guess. I told her there is a line and even flirtatious texts would be the end of things so I think things are covered 
Skip Bayless is Baylee's sports  persona so I call her skip 
Baylee 
Skip is working out again with Ian 
Guys I'm a push over 😔
Will someone take my physio exam for me 
That's all 
I fell 
I hate bengals fans more than anything 
I hate the bengals. But also the steelers 
I haven't got mine either yet 
They can take awhile cus they coming from China 
And Fifa tournament 
Xmas break! We got the soccer classic and the jersey exchange 
I just don't have it on my phone 
I don't even have Facebook anymore. 
What's a TLDR?
I'm gonna fix it. I'm going to lay down the law. Give her one chance. I know she loves me and she is just struggling with the distance. But she is completely worth it 
I'm not ready to end it. Plus all the Christmas gifts I got her
I think I have to wait until after break 
I don't know 
They just lifted and went to chipotle. 
It could be just nothing 
I don't know what to do 
But I'm not going though what I did with Maggie 
I don't want to though 
I'm fine with the distance and I told her I didn't want to date unless she was completely over Ian. I didn't want him to be a factor and I don't know if he is becoming one 
She didn't do any bring though. I don't mind she hung out with him. The fact she is thinking about ending it because of distance is what gets me 
I don't know what to do 
I know. I mean she didn't break up with me because she said she isn't ready to and doesn't want to yet. She wants to have Christmas break. Her chief complaint is the distance. She isn't getting that higher level of connection. I wasn't too worried about her hanging out with him. She just like hid it from me. Which is weird 
And yes
Didn't break up yet. They broke up beginning of summer. 
She admitted to me she still loves him and it would still take awhile to not get over him. She is scared about distance now. She went to chipotle with him after. 
Logan she was at the gym with ian... Her ex boyfriend 
She is being so weird 
I think me and Baylee are done...
I don't care. I told her to get lunked with Logan. I'm down for pointers from veterans 
Logan, Baylee said you was helping her get down low on her squats the other day? Care to explain!? 
If you can't beat your dogs, how will you be able to redeem yourself against Logan 
Is it a league? I'm curious to what the three point line is 
How many kitchen basketball games do you play a week? 
He did sign an extension when you got it. I remember telling Brian it was a good jersey pick 
Don't have that many. I wish ONU was bigger. 
I need like 5 a side 
I really want to play footy 
I don't mind the song 
Everyone, if you turn your tv to a channel that it doesn't receive, 1 percent of that static is remnants of the Big Bang. YOU ARE LITERALLY WATCHING THE BIRTH OF OUR UNIVERSE  
YOU MUST READ BILL BRYSON: A SHORT HISTORY OF NEARLY EVERYTHING 
ALEJO
She doesn't have a Mac 
 Unless you plan on going on sketch websites 
Did someone tell you? 
Who is asking? 
No 
That seems dangerous. What was the exam in? 
Universal test question answer 
Mitochondria is the power house of the cell, Brian 
I actually got an 84. She just can't math 
63 on my physio exam... I don't know how I did that bad. I went from an 83 to a 75 in one exam and I have no chance of getting a B now 
Crew lost 
I am having the worst week ever 
No 
Los dos hermanos guerra 
Si claro!
The crew would struggle next year unless we replaced him 
Someone so dominant wanting to retire 
Kei Kamara was going to retire if we won...
1. Yes 
2. Listening to podcasts. Send the occasional text message 
3. I am worried. I try to limit texting to when I'm stopped.  
If she didn't that's pretty bad lol
Did she? 
She was going to the gym and then doing a cycle class/circuit thing
Did you say anything? 
Well it's a pretty large campus 
At the gym? 
https://media0.giphy.com/media/CaaoBl21p3VYY/giphy.gif
We are in contract negotiations with jmac, George, and the someone else 
Lampson, speas, jmac, kevan George and someone else are out of contract 
And so is pogatetz
Kristin is cut!!!
6am kick off anyone? 
How early!? 
18th
And he can't take penalties 
Sometimes pipa gets too cute and he has zero speed. My only complaints 
I would actually be okay with replacing Higuain 
I'm nervous about buying another forward. We would have to go to a 442
Maybe Sergio Campbell is that replacement 
Meram played really well last night 
If an upgrade from Tchani is there. Take it 
Start looking for a replacement for Parkhurst 
Replacement for Meram 
If we keep the same team we will no doubt be good. But you still have to get better. You can't settle and be complacent 
 All those are two year spans. Look at the Seahawks this year 
I'm still clad in crew gear today 
Roster decisions happen and you always have to look for someone better to replace 
I would love to keep everyone but you always have to get better. 
The works in like zero percent of sports leagues 
I honestly could. 
Okay I'm really sad we lost now 😔
No I can. It just will suck going to Columbus for work at 6 am if we do 
Can we change the group chat name 😔
I'm done the 18th but have an internship the week before Christmas at the hospital 
I can't wait to see everyone over break 
That's pretty sweet 
I was on the verge of it 
Was I crying? 
Live*
I'll always remember this and I'm glad I was apart of it. But the fans ruined the experience. Very bad representation. Makes us a laughing stop. It's no wonder people hate us and we won't ever lift this down 
And just think. Nycfc and orland won't be bad forever. They have money and you can throw money at people in win. Plus the galaxy have an odd year down. The odds of us ever hosting another cup could be very slim. 
I'm happy with the season. It just sucks to lose and have the fans react the way they did. That's what I'm most disappointed about. We can out flat and were chasing the entire game. Portland deserves to win that game. The fans and the way we lost is just disappointing 
This sucks 
They had 11 behind the ball the entire game. There is no way we were going to execute normally 
They are just going to sit behind the ball and counter 
Yeah they did outplay us but they were up 2-0 inside ten minutes 
Embarrassed too. The fans throwing the beer cans on the field. Sooooo embarrassing 
I mean it sucks. Especially to lose that way. We had 60 minutes to equalize so I can't really complain. Terrible call but you have to play until the whistle. They teach you that since pre school league. 
Where you guys at? 
I know. I hate her 
It's 20 bucks 
Like price? 
Piss off mate!
Same bro 
And I'm talking about what panera bread are you talking about 
That's not campus bro 
11th? 
On what street? 
Where are you going, me and Baylee will meet 
Craig can I come 
What times is everyone getting there 
https://media2.giphy.com/media/IWQAurn8xEVFu/giphy.gif
Doing what? 
Plus my stub 
I have three tickets printed for tomorrow 
Have you printed your ticket off yet? 
Craig is your ticket a nordecke ticket? 
Okay 
Well never mind 
How far is it? Imma park at p2 and walk with you to save 20 bucks 
You're walking to the stadium? 
Leave?
Be ready tomorrow Craig 
That's why the made Ohio state. To play footy 
Or we stick with us and play iron site 
Ever 
Niel you haven't won a trophy yet...
The weekend is finally here 
Soooooooo MLS cup final on Sunday 
Wat
https://media1.giphy.com/media/gugBc3Fb8BwME/giphy.gif
How much are they going to swell those for? 30 bucks? 
A tad bland but I'll still buy it 
Perfect 
We should all go in different ushers to get into the nordecke just to be safe 
Craig stop copying me 
I'm going to be there at 1:30
Gates to the stadium open at 2
I'm totally buying one
They're selling MLS cup scarves!!? 
I'm trying to get to the stadium as early as possible 
Do they stadium gates open at two or the parking gates or both? 
What time are you guys getting there 
Or I could print like 7
I probably will print off like two or three and we will have to send runners 
Then I just give you guys paper copies 
I will be able to get in regardless if I bring both 
I don't see why not 
They sent me a hard copy of my ticket for the game Sunday, so I thought I wasn't able to print it. But I can. 
If you guys are still trying to get in 
Never mind. I think you can still print tickets 
Does anyone still have the ticket from last game? We can try to use that 
They sent me a ticket stub... Not printable ticket 
I don't know how I'm getting you guys into the nordecke 
I wish I was Brian. He gets two jerseys this year 
Jersey exchange purchased 
I almost did 
Ibra 
Ibra 
Orlando waived Adam Bedell. We basically got j Mac for free 
Alabama at 5th 
Has osu in top four 
 Did you guys see Colin cowherd destroy the sec 
My blanket all week 
You're welcome Thierry 
https://media1.giphy.com/media/l3VNrcTgE8QG4/giphy.gif
I'm just kidding guys 
I'm ingrained in the Columbus Crew culture 
I saw more games than you guys. 
I was a season ticket member of a magical season 
Win or lose 
 I mean, people go their whole lives not seeing their favorite team play in a championship 
I've read every crew article like 6 times on mlssoccer
All day 
I cannot focus 
We will be at crew stadium for an MLS cup 
Guys 
Already got it taken care of 
I'm getting there when the gates open next weekend 
I will be tailgating all day
So weird to celebrate in an empty stadium 
Now I just need someone to cover my shift....
WE DID IT 
OMG 
What was that 
Guys 
We should have scored there 
My stomach is in knots 
I don't see them getting four either 
We need to score while we are up two. That is heart breaking for them 
But NY is the highest scoring team in the league. They are desperate. It's going to be nerve wracking 
The counter is wide open right now 
I feel if it's 2-1 then we will play more defensively to try to preserve the aggregate score 
We have to score while its 2-0
Pooping 
I was popping 
They will both be counter goals 
I say 1-2 crew for you 
Fox sports to go
 I'm nervous 
Dirty
This game is crazy! 
And there is very little chance osu gets in 
Playoff soccer time!
That was pretty crazy 
The whole room was dying 
My grandma just asked whose 7 cents was on this bench and I said I don't know but I can give you my two cents of who it was 😂😂😂😂
It's physics are more like real life 
https://media1.giphy.com/media/D3s5OYIDs7atG/giphy.gif
I best Craig last night.... Whats that make me. Level 8?
One-nil 
Just beat Craig in subbuteo 
Soooo hot tub tomorrow night, Brian? 
Yessir 
Let's hang out 
 😂😂😂😂
I for sure will be there 
Where at? 
https://media4.giphy.com/media/eoVusT7Pi9ODe/giphy.gif
He asked 
Can we add Zach back? 
Speas and Swanson
One of them is 17
We have 5 
We have like 4 
What? 
SKC
The trend is definitely changing 
It's because they use a lot of homegrowns 
Yep 
We changed it a long time ago too 
I am going crazy 
This is incredible 
We could be at an MLS final!!!!!!
I'm freaking out 
 GUYS WHAT THE HECK 
They give me my money back 
Fcd got a crucial goal back 
I will be there the second gates open if we host it 
Well I will try to get you guys in by printing off.....6 tickets lol 
Like now 
Buy your MLS cup tickets now 
Portland up 2-0!!!!???
Seriously you guys are idiots for leaving so late 
Hurry up 
https://v.groupme.com/17077713/2015-11-22T21:22:46Z/87fd050.568x320r90.mp4
Us 
2-1 
The nordecke is 
Half full already 
Me and Craig are getting to the game at 4
Well we deserved to lose then 
Defense did their job I would say 
But we only have up 17 points 
Poor play calling. It's almost like urban wants to show off how many players we have so he limits the play calls 
Why is your heisman candidate only getting ten carries a game 
Yes. Why do you not have your only heisman candidate running the football 
Zeke with only two carries the entire second half? 
Yeah. I have no idea. I couldn't watch the game. Sounds like it's a good thing I didn't though 
Braxton is our best receiver and he has only played a year...
They've struggled
I don't know. Our offense just isn't the same this year 
Not a good sporting weekend for the Buckeyes 
The basketball team lost to UT-Arlington yesterday 
I'm nervous 
https://media4.giphy.com/media/o7U6SwunyjD56/giphy.gif
Run Zeke!
Pizza tonight?
I'm at work 
And give me some for free 
All of them 
Zach bring the clix
I'll be there 
I'll be there at 7:30-8
Heroclix and Fifa 
?
Dank after 
I have work til 7 
Are we hanging out Saturday night or no 
I probably won't go home until Saturday morning 
At least here it is
It's supposed to be cold and rainy isn't it? 
Wait, we are playing soccer tonight? 
Tonigh? 
Get it right 
S.O.C.C.E.R Classic 
I AM KING 
But who has the supporters shield? Me 😉
http://media4.giphy.com/media/vEm1tU039OZig/giphy.gif
I'll bring a sleeping bag 
Well I have the floor I guess 
Collusion 
Or neither 
Your room or a penthouse 
Craig, where am I staying 
2-0 in the basketball league 
Left channel for life 
Do you even league bro
Is my mac a pcmr
Sooooo heroclix at Logan's on Saturday? 
What makes it a master race 
What does pcmr mean 
Baylee doesn't have any brothers so it's just us 
I would like to extend my groomsman invitations to all of you right now 
Friends for life 
What are you doing Saturday night and leading up to the crew game 
That's sweet. When do you leave to go down there? 
Why can't Raj come up :( I haven't seen him in a blue moon 
You'll be in SC 
You can't play so shut up. 
Badly 
I'm crazing heroclix
Z dank. What you doing Saturday noche? 
We definitely are a friend group that is incomparable to anyone else. 
As in you're losing or gaining weight?
Can I come?
Brian when are you home for thanksgiving 
Weather providing 
I would get there around 6:30 
Footy on campus Friday noche anyone? 
https://media2.giphy.com/media/11xXrRcBwNcOhG/giphy.gif
https://media0.giphy.com/media/yuVLjZxXRmdQQ/giphy.gif
Shots fired 
I had a nasty reverse layup with hella English and a man draped on my back 
It felt good 
I played so good tonight 
https://media1.giphy.com/media/VuYIrdx43LQKk/giphy.gif
https://media4.giphy.com/media/cmvFtrG3OinHa/giphy.gif
YA BOY WITH THE TURN AROUND BASELINE JUMPER TO SEAL THE GAME IN HIS FIRST INTRAMURAL GAME OF THE SEASON
Niel are you going to the crew game!?
That's good then
Well I don't want to pay for anything 
I have to be at MCW at 6 am 
By the way. Can I sleep over in your dorm next Monday-Wednesday 
Because they are scared. I can see why they do it but that doesn't mean I support it 
Racism basically 
They won't let Syrian refugees in Ohio due to the attacks 
I see why they don't, but still think it's a very knee jerk reaction 
I'm a little surprised Ohio won't support letting refugees in 
https://media4.giphy.com/media/VtlWK4InL33ck/giphy.gif
 Nagbe out on the wing... Wow  I hate Klinsmann 
Moron 
Hey Taylor Twellman, Yedlin came from Akron too 
HERE COMES MY BOY 
It makes me so mad 
Why are we playing a wcq on a baseball field 
You getting me a ticket for free? 
Niel. When is the crosstown shootout this year 
What's the line up for the qualifying game tonight? 
Think. The opportunity may only come once in awhile 
I mean how many times could the crew get this far in the playoffs 
How important are they 
Crew game 
Yes Niel 
I would say Neymar has probably surpassed them now. Messi and Ronaldo will always be better than him in their primes though 
But Nagbe.....
And marry that girl 
And then put on a ring 
Literally her fingers 
Ask her for the digits 
I love that picture of Niel 
Zach. Do you come to ONU for any conferences? 
Not street but garage 
Ligue 2
Is Le Havre on Fifa? 
 Logan 
Lucky. Have you got your institutional IPPEs done?
I told you guys he would be a star 
That's my boy 
So yes 
Him? 
What must I do 
Please 
Please 
Zach forgive me 
I work with the man 
ZACH I AM SORRY 
At least Robert said he out the switch in the schedule for Sunday 
Yeah I can. 
 Niel, buy the cheapest ticket and I'll print mine off twice so you can get into the nordecke with us 
How much are they on sale 
Please 
Forgive me 
I'm sorry dank. I'm just excited I can go to the game now 
Robert took my Sunday shift!
I work until 7 
That's what I meant
It's a Sunday at 7 
22nd
Drink it in. It always goes down smooth 
Be in the nordecke with your pals for the first time ever 
Pull the trigger my friend 
Niel, you want it, you got it 
Zach. Buy my ticket 
Brian. Buy my ticket 
Thank. You. I told Robert. He might buy it. I could tell some guys up here 
I'm so upset 😔
Well tell your friends, if they want a ticket, 25 bucks 
And I can't get it off 
Work 
 Craig will be there too
McCoy, if you want my ticket, 25 bucks 
I can't go to the eastern conference finals game 
I'm back in the fantasy league 
I have an exam Wednesday and Friday :(
I'll look into it once I get home 

Hmmm
Huh?
Dank, Crew game tomorrow? 
Craig, I'm sorry for whatever I did. Honestly. You're a great brother 
And you felt so strongly that I should be out of the family? 
How old were you Craig? 8? 
I am hurt Craig 
6 years ago my brother wanted me out of the family 
Craig, please 
Schelotto is interviewing for the fire :(
Does the sun set in the west? 
But there is Alan Gordon 
No Finlay....
Bob Bradley finally got his promotion too 
 NAGBE FINALLY GETS HIS CALL UP FOR THE US 
I don't know why I'm thinking of the revolution game 
We play Sunday! 
Never mind 
Although the attendance will be pretty bad most likely because the Buckeyes have a night game 
I  am so excited for this game 
Do you remember sitting in your basement in 2008 as young soccer fans losing our championship virginity? We watched that game together. We watched the crew beat the red bulls. Feel pure ecstasy again. The championship. Two good ol pleas from the begging of time cheering on their boyhood club. Columbus is calling you to duty. Stand up soldier 
Zach go to this game. It's a huge game! For the Cup, For Columbus 
So kiss me on a cold December night 
Mom's spaghetti 
The thing is, the sports entertainment industry will never be capped. You're always going to be paying more every year for the best guy. There is no dollar amount where you stop. The second you pay college athletes, which I'm for and against, is the second try become professionals. Let them go straight to pros if you're going to pay them. Because the second they institute pay for college athletes, our tuition goes up because colleges don't get as much in return as they were because they have to pay the athletes 
We aren't going to make you money. That's why. The education system became flawed when it stopped being an education system and more of a big business. The school gets money for media coverage, national tv coverage, winning championships. It only makes sense the cheat to get recruits and use all their money on them. Osu made millions for winning the national championship. What would I do for them? Nothing. 
It sucks that it has to be that way but it will never change 
Ehhhhh. I mean it was an alarming video 
✅
Yeah 
Niel comes from Sweden 
Send in your jersey specs por favor 
Everyone text Julie the size jersey you want and the jerseys/players you absolutely do not want or any other preferences you would like 
That's awesome! I saw the one we won at crew stadium 
Kiss me through the phone 
Nah man. That's soulja boys number 
6789998212
We need to assign jerseys for the exchange if we are doing it?
That's where I was for the World Cup game 
Is McCoy going?
Go to the crew game 
Why are you going to duke?
Who all will be there next weekend? 
Not an awful result 
I feel confident 
Weird substitution 
Cedric shouldn't even be in 
How did I ruin it? My message never said anything of the result 
He was at midfield with the ball and got dispossessed, no one else back and it was one on one 
That's our captain 
Wow 
Pretty sure he'd give you a bj of you asked 
Drogba goes down so easily 
Were we playing zone or man? 
THANK YOU FOR ANSWERING MY PLEASE 
HIGUAIN PLEASE 
That rabona pass!!!
That's why I am not a referee 
Handling for sure 
Never mind 
That goal should have counted 
Ever think of that?
http://www.collectorscache.com/StoreModules/ProductImages/871/revive102.jpg
Higuain has not started off very well
8
7
Sub him off for Kevan George 
why is he chipping the keeper!?
I agree 
Not Ray Lewis 
I should be announcing and commentating 
You can blow all your money as an athlete and get bailed out as a sportscaster. 
I hate when ESPN does it 
Because with all sports now, they hire former athletes instead of those that go to school and actually get degrees in journalism and communications 
CLB: Finlay, Kamara 
MTL: Diddy
 2-1 yellow soccer sunshine club
He started the last three games 
We signed him over the summer 
What defender 
😂😂😂 sucker 
That outstep from Lukaku....
He should have picked up Kone on the run 
 Yedlin probably won't be starting anymore....
2-1 to the canary yellow men 
Same 
No chance 
Even if they did, you would have to use a DP slot 😂
None of those managers would come over here
Bob Bradley
Spell it wrong 😂
I'm going to get "Duane" on the back lol 
I might get him a jersey for Christmas 
He loves Everton 
Duane would be pleased 
  That was pretty 
 I just turned it on
 Patrick Sabol just bought tickets to see them 
For real. Pretty boring so far 
How has he not proved himself to you? 
Pirlo, Gerrard, Lampard all need to be cut 
Not half season 
I said first full season
Nah it's weird 
Double post and out to win the game.....
Oh my gosh 😂SKC does not want to win 
These penalties suck...
I had a dream last night and you were in it McCoy. It was weird. I debated telling the group and I opted not 
SKC. They've been here before 
Well in terms of when the goals happen 
SKC scored with three minutes left in the game to tie and then Portland scored with two minutes left in extra time to tie 
Free stream on Univision 
One goal in each in extra time it's 2-2 about to go to penalties 
Nope
 This Portland game is so good 
I would say so. We get them at home second so I hope we are a little more conservative while we are there. We don't have to win. Away goals are nice which is what concerns me with our defense and how Drogba has been killing it. He is due for one 
Montreal is a good team. I'm excited though 
 Well. Our defense has stepped it up but it will be tough stopping Drogba
Hat trick Rick just wasn't enough 
 They had the wrong Don Ovan playing 
Fair enough lol. The third one, tickets slipped on the awful turf and was out of position 
Agreed. Did you see his defense on the second goal 
Soooo crew playoffs 
http://www.screeninsults.com/images/dodgeball-goodman-fat.jpg
Brian what is you opinion on Gerrard 
 It really does make me happy 
MLS needs to get rid of Gerrard, Pirlo, and Lampard. All trash 
Down goes the galaxy
Why aren't these games on tv
Jermaine Jones is literally scum 
Thanks buddy!
That's sweet. Should I email him then? 
I might send an email over this way 
That's the guy the residency director emailed for me! I'm waiting to hear back from him 
Sweet. Thank you! 
I have three years lol 
Actually you don't have to 
Unless you think that's weird. 
Give him my email 
Tell him my name!!!
Don't steal my residency spot 
Is it interesting? 
It should be an Olympic sport over soccer 
It's actually interesting 
An ultimate frisbee guy came on and they said it's like soccer but better. 
It's so sad 
Sports nation trashed soccer so bad today 
We are on the max air and Craig had his coins literally flying out of his pockets. The coins were floating in the air when we got to the top. He lost like 3 dollars in change😂
Remember max air and Craig's pennies 😂😂
Quite a few people on mlssoccer.com not happy with the lack of call ups for Ethan Finlay
And it was in my notes. It has been since 2013 
I'm the league historian 
Fair enough. I will remove said title 
Why can't you recognize my accomplishments 
Deal 
Do people who get first place get an award? 
Tell me right now 
Tell me McCoy 
Why am I still number one then 
What am I missing? 
Is that correct? 
Fifa Belt:
2014: Brian

William A. Trapp Award: 
2014: Brian 
2015: -

Soccer Classic: 
2014: Craig 
2013: Brian

Prem League Winner: 
2015:Brian
2014:Nick

March Madness:
2014: Nick
2013: Nick

MLS Winner Supporters: 
2015: Nick

MLS Cup Winner: 
2015: Logan 


Was there a third place game?
How, nagbe is class 
Is that final? 
But I'll be there if you get them!
But now I cant
If you asked me before the 19th yes 
I won a trophy too guys...
4 jmacs ahead of dcunited!!
This crew game!!!!
I opened my time capsule from 5th grade... I had a sports illustrated paper Freddy Adu card and wrote a paper how I want to be him and he is my idol... Wasted idol 
Freddy Adu is betterb
You could fake chow some ugly chick for 20 dollars. Voila 
But I mean, it's 20 dollars 
Unless you don't want to do it 
Everyone would still get a jersey with odd numbers lol  
We could still do it though?
Yeah. Just make sure  the dank is included or not 
And we need a jersey exchange picking 
Thanksgiving Fifa tournament is coming up! 
I'm at work. I can't be defensive as much as I want 
I am garbage at Fifa 
Not Fifa 
That makes you the Chivas USA though 
But I have more than one championship so I can't be them 
Guess again 
I have one a trophy in each 
March madness, MLS, epl
I can afford to give away a trophy here and there. My fantasy reputation is still pretty good. 
Congrats to Logan 
I lost fair and square 
Niel, you don't even have history to talk about. I don't even know how you can defend yourself 
I've been around the top in fantasy for two years and haven't ever started a Tottenham player 
I work until 6
I have a ticket to the crew game if anyone wants it 
They needed that big time 
They still have a lot of work to do in the champions league 
I don't. It's all good 
That's fine. Next time 
I can't see at all 
My teas gone cold. Morning rain is clouding up my window 
What's the forecast loog 
I'm at work, so let me know what the plan is when it gets closer to 7
Logan you still on? 
Soccer today? 
You should have objected 
A larp proposal? 
http://media3.giphy.com/media/8V794f4Bir6UM/giphy.gif
Avada Kadavra, Craig 
Craig, you're human 
I call bow master 
We will play it by ear then!
Is the weather supposed to be somewhat nice? 
Sweet. I'll leave straight from work, so I'll text you when I leave 
Did you play? 
😂😂😂😂 Brian throwing shade 
I'm still hanging around the top, like usual. You better bury me now or you'll regret it come the end of the season 
Latinos have never won a fantasy championship, Brian. Remember that 
That's awesome! Brian, bring home the cup! 
There*
Is their playoffs now?
Please, I would like a challenge 
I didn't even suffer double digit losses...
Let me know 
Sweet 
I get off at 7, I'm going down and then staying the night at Baylee's 
Footy? 
Logan, what are you doing Saturday evening/night 
I want to be there so bad 

Rivalry game for a bye week? 
Game is at 5
I have work until 6
I can't go either 😩
The crew game this weekend will be huge 
Portland gave you a butt whoopin
Andre move, Niel 
Winner gets to be Kev and Jen 
We shall create a quiz and have them all take it 
Who's gf knows the most football 
That takes care of that 
Anyone have AIDS and want to admit it? That would clear someone up as a character 
Why does every NFL player to the Ronaldo celebration... I've seen at least 3 this season 
I'll be Kevin with my super thin pants in the flower shop if Brian is Sophia 
You all suck at fantasy 
I'm the oracle 
Get all the babes 
I'm the coolest 
How! I'm Pete 
What!? I need to make trades and stock up on play off teams 
Are you serious? 
Wait what? 
Last every single year 
😂😂😂 the Andre of the group 
In the library 
I had the carilho rocking the other day 
Or whatever the age is 
We need Zach to be 35 
They are saying "zeeeeeeeeeeeeke"
I was laughing maniacally for forever 
What a game 
Abc or ESPN 
Craig, what's dad doing 
I'm so happy!!!!
OH MY GOD 
Who did they play?
Trillium cup is ours!!
Ethan Finlay!!!!!!
Fantasy week is struggling for the technical swag boys 
Wow 😂
What the hell is a wonder cracker 
Craig will be happy 
Lotus cheek is starting 
Vag chin 
Draw Brutus breaking the back of a bearcat over his leg 
Like a window pain with a dynamic curtain 
Carve out an little window and set the engagement ring in the window. Light the candle and ask her to marry you 
Niel, I love the look you're rocking now a days. Today you looked like a highly intelligent professor or something. I maybe stared at you for a good five minutes. Maybe a historian look? I don't know. But you keep doing you 
Suck it Brian, I'm not last 
I'm changing my name to Nikoli Putin Castov
I was dying in laughter when Zach told me the story too 
I wish I were joking. 
Zach, I remember you giving that paper/presentation in Bigam's class and Richard (the only black kid in the whole high school) was in there too 😂
I wrote a paper and turned it in today how Hitler was a hero...
Zach, I passed you on Monday in Carroll on your way home from work 
Welcome to the Bernie club 
Zach got the highest with trump! 
I'm a Patiño too then, it looks like 
I'm a commie too 
Let me be your VP 
McCoy! We are like the same 
That was my lowest 
13% similarity with rand 
isidewith.com is the website for that test if anyone is interested. 
Peoples choice not the big business' though 
No super PAcs 
I think o malley has a decent shot for the VP ticket. I liked what he had to say today 
91% Bernie, then 87% Biden, Clinton 84%
Did anyone take that test that aligns your views with the president that shares your views the most 
Agreed. This was much more civil and organized 
Hillary almost said what Bernie said, word for word 
Also, who new on your first day of congress you vote on legislations? 
Someone tell me how working ten hours a week will allow me to afford college 
Did you end up getting Fifa or pes?
So no 
It's on ESPN 
Red bull arena is empty...
Do you think he was injured or no 
Well I absolutely see the reasoning in that 
I see the reasoning in that I guess 
If Johnson is actually injured... that looks so bad on Klinsmann's part. 
What's everyone's take of Klinsmann vs Johnson...
They won't make the Euro's unless they score three goals 
What has happened to holland....
We lost to Baldwin Wallace 
Yep. 2-0
Was it yesterday?
Exactly. Then he looks bad and doesn't get call ups. U23 result wasn't good last week either...
You're right, Niel. I have no idea why I thought that. But Trapp isn't ready yet. He makes a lot of errors because he leads the MLS in attempted passing. Everything out of the back comes through Trapp. If Klinsmann wants to play him, play him in position and not left mid like he did against chile 
Bradley playing defensive is out of his position though. Klinsmann has tried that role before. He doesn't get as involved in the attack if he plays defensive 
Center*
Geoff Cameron should start every game for us as a scented back 
I liked our center back pairing for once, though 
Venturo Alvarado
Brooks?
 Joe Gyau 
We just don't look any better. I know our talent pool isn't the best. But don't promise so many things and not deliver
We'll be experiments that's for sure  
He is delusional in some aspects 
He said yesterday he thought it was an even game 
I don't think Klinsmann knows what to do at all
How many time did we spring Yedlin though. 
At least we didn't yesterday 
We don't have speed up top or on the wings 
We don't have the players do that either though. 
So is it our game plan? Or is it our players?
Look at these statistics 
MLS.com is ripping Klinsmann 
Is our talent that bad that we have to defend like that ? Why is that our game plan 
Defend the entire time
It looked like the World Cup 
I am so disappointed 
We are losing it 
What a douche move by oribe peralta
Ugly shot
The dank is in the building 
Geoff Cameron!!
Our best game in the World Cup was against Portugal... They went down a goal early and forced us to take it to them 
They are without two started too....
Yikes...
Shak�
Why does this feel like a World Cup game 
I am so nervous 
Were all those players on their prime for the World Cup? 
He wastes friendlies like no other 
Timothy chandler 
How many call ups do you give jermaine jones 
I agree. But he could have done a better job incorporating those players 
He is working with the same type of players as Bob did... If not better. Bob Bradley got fired for the same result, losing to Mexico in concacaf gold cup 
The young players have been in his development for how many years now? 
Yes I did 
The group chat picture is awesome 
It's an interesting lineup that's for sure 
What's the lineup everyone wants?
I agree. It sucks that bedoya is out 
I don't know if you're having problems at all 
Niel, if you get the group me app, it will work better 
Interesting 
Is Guzan starting? 
I'm nervous for this USA game 
Sweet 
I called him this morning and he mentioned watching it at our house instead of bills 
The soccer game 
Yes 
Craig, ask did if he is serious about pizza and the game
I'm on fall break
I'll see if my dad really wanted to get pizza and what not and I will let you know
I think my dad said something about getting pizza and watching the game if you wanted to come and watch it with us. Baylee will be here too. But that's up to you. I can let you what the plan is later if you're interested
Is Julie watching with you?
Where is everyone watching the game?
2-1 USA
Kent read, write, or play football
Swag
